(dp0
S'T'
p1
(lp2
S"id-0975\ti mistakenly thought that since my multiple stays at other marriott locations were excellent and clean that this location would be as well. man was i wrong. this place is terrible. the room was very dirty and there were dead bugs everywhere. the room smelled horrible. i couldn't get the room windows open enough to help remove the smell. it took a while to find this place with all the construction in the area and the awkward road design in the area. i will never stay here again!"
p3
aS"id-0819\twe got stuck in orlando florida and the airline put us up in a best western. by the time we got to the hotel it was 2am, we were tired and cranky, and the male receptionist had sharpened his teeth and finger nails into a point -- very creepy. we we got to the room it appeared to not have been cleaned at all. the carpet was wet from the air conditioner to the front of the nearest bed, the lamp shades were bent/faded and there were used test strips on the desk -- looked like it was missed simply because the test strip was the same color of the desk. i took pictures and intended on e-mailing them and a complaint to the corporate office, but never got around to it. to make matters worse, we put the do not disturb sign on the door and the hotel staff knocked on the door at 9am, 10am and 11am wanting to clean the room --- our check out time wasn't until noon. i opened the door and gave a scolding look and said they were too late for cleaning."
p4
aS"id-1027\tthe rooms were small, the size or a jail cell or so. televisions were small and dated. outside of the motel was not pleasant, very dirty with garbage everywhere. the microwaves were dirty inside when i made a quick snack at night. also the owner was quite questionable, as we're the other residents. very run down motel.. my husband and i also woke up in the middle of the night itching, we pulled up the sheets and found bed bugs. we' then packed our stuff and left. i would never ever recommend anybody stay at this motel. when we approached the owners about the bugs, all they said was  we know, we are trying to get rid of them. they shoud be reported to the health inspector."
p5
aS'id-0843\tthis hotel is filthy, bedbugs, dirt, mold, the bedding looked dirty. there is only one person that runs the front desk and he is old and does not speak english. i could not get a refund for my stay and i wanted to get out of this place as soon as i walked into the room. there are obvious drug users and other illegal activity on the premises. i would never stay here again. the front desk operator is rude and the place is not worth what i paid for it. if i wanted to pay for bedbugs and filth i wouldnt have had a problem with the place. they alley would have been cleaner and probably safer. stay away!!!!'
p6
aS"id-0825\twe stayed at the sandcastle resort/hotel in virginia beach for three days. our experience was less than enjoyable. to start off when we arrived to check in, they could not find our reservation and the staff that was working there was extremely rude. they were confident that there was no reservation under our name so i went through my emails and showed them the one i received from them almost a month earlier. finally after about 20 minutes we received our keys and headed to our room. when we got to our floor they were doing construction in our hallway and being very noisy. i went back to the front desk and requested that we be moved to another floor where there was no construction going on. they advised me they had no other rooms available but assured us that the construction would be done before 4pm. after going back to our room we found the room very dirty and run down. paint was peeling from the ceiling and there were a lot of stains in the carpet. at this pint i decided not to make a big deal out of it until after we came back from dinner. we returned to the hotel just after 7pm and they were still doing construction on our floor. i wouldnt have minded the construction if it wasn't for the fact that they were very loud and drilling and cutting things with saws. i returned to the front desk again and requested to speak to a manager. after waiting for almost 15 minutes the manager finally arrived. we asked to be moved to a different room again and the manager finally agreed to move us to a suite for the same price we paid for our room. when we got to our room we found that is hasn't even been cleaned yet. the bed sheets were on the floor and there was trash everywhere. apparently house keeping hasn't cleaned the room yet even though by now it was almost 8pm. at this point i was pretty upset and started to call surrounding hotels. we finally found another hotel that had a room available about a mile down the street. we went back to the front desk and spoke to the manager again. we requested a refund and the manager oked it. this was the worst experience ive ever had at any hotel, and to find out they still haven't refunded or 3 days to my credit card. i've been on the phone several times but have yet to hear back from the manager about the refund. i would not recommend this hotel to anyone and am very unhappy with the way we were treated."
p7
aS'id-0973\thotel prices were below others of similar ratings in the area. this should have been my warning. not knowing the area, i later found that the hotel was situated in the tenerloin district of san francisco. the rooms were small and poorly designed, the hotel had no amenities, and local calls cost to make. a poor choice all the way around.'
p8
aS"id-0855\tthe super 8 was one of the worst properties that i have ever stayed at, it was dirty, out of dated and the staff was rude.   the carpeting in my room was ripped and stained. in the bathroom the shower was moldy and the fixtures were chipped. the wifi was operating at just above phone dial-up speed. my tv didn't work at all.  this room was not worth the rack rate, or even 50% of the rack rate."
p9
aS'id-1210\twent to this hotel when visiting nearby national parks with family. front desk staff was courteous and quickly resolved any questions we had. our 2-queen bed room was clean and spacious. room has nice lcd tv, coffee maker, fridge, microwave, massaging shower heads, and good mattresses. we stayed for 2 nights and room was well cleaned and put together after first night with coffee packs refilled. overall very satisfied.'
p10
aS"id-0913\tthe rooms were very old and dated. it looks like nothing has been replaced since the 70's or something. our room had moldy patches on the carpet near the jacuzzi, and areas where the paint/wallpaper were rubbed off or peeling on the corners of the room. the room had a really weird smell to it as well. there was even trash in the garbage can when we checked into the room, so that was gross. and the housekeepers were loud in the morning and were swearing in the hallway. definitely not worth our time or money. we won't be going back."
p11
aS"id-1036\tover the holidays, we stayed at the westin in st. louis,mo. the hotel is stunning! it's located right across from the cardinals stadium. the hotel staff was very accommodating. we requested more towels at midnight and they were up there within minutes! the rooms were absolutely gorgeous. the beds were extremely comfortable. my daughter loved that there was a phone in the bathroom! great experience overall."
p12
aS"id-1262\tbeautiful resort with excellent views of the ocean. the large pool with pool bar was an excellent place to chill and unwind with my wife while we glanced over the kids playing in the various parts of the pool. extremely close to the beach, which had the right amount of people that you didn't feel alone, but certainly didn't feel cramped for space. very nice, friendly staff that gave off the calm, caribbean vibe. couldn't of asked for a better resort."
p13
aS'id-1162\tthis is a fantastic botique hotel in portland, oregon. all the rooms are suites and include a kitchenette. this hotel is great for small families because it allows you ample space and you have the kitchen included where you can prepare some meals in order to save on some food costs while on vacation. the best part is that there are piles of starbursts candies throughout the hotel available for the taking!'
p14
aS"id-1021\tthis hotel is located at a busy traffic circle near the interstate. it isn't walking distance to downtown. the hotel restaurant was average. my wife complained about the quality of the sheets; they were pretty rough."
p15
aS"id-1174\theaded up to massachusetts for the new england folk festival in mansfield. we booked in at the north attleboro super 8, since it was the closest place that had really reasonable rates. what a pleasant surprise to find an inn so clean, comfortable and well-appointed at this price level. the beds were firm, the room was roomy and the in-room fridge was a welcome convenience. in the mornings, we picked up bagels, butter, peanut butter, preserves, cereal, juice, milk and coffee from the free breakfast buffet in the lobby and took them back to the dining area in our room where we supplemented them with cheese, cucumbers and hardboiled eggs that we kept in the fridge. we were able to start each day with a hearty breakfast with no real expense of either time or money. you can be sure we'll be back there again next year."
p16
aS'id-0919\tdo not stay at the days inn. first, when we got to the front counter and rang the bell, it took ten minutes for someone to finally approach us. the young woman who did was more interested in her phone than in talking to us. once we got our keycard we found our room and expected to at least have something average there. wrong! the bedsheets and everything were everywhere. also, there was trash in the cans and on the counter. the room also smelled like cigarette smoke. we will never be staying here again.'
p17
aS"id-0859\ti was very displeased with my two-night stay at doubletree in savannah. it must have been off-season, because the hotel was nearly empty, and that apparently meant there wasn't enough staff to do anything. on day two of my stay, my room was still not cleaned by 12:30 p.m., which i found out after stopping back at the hotel to change clothes after spending the morning in town. i made a call to housekeeping at that time, then left the hotel to meet folks for lunch. when i returned about 3:00 p.m., my room was still not cleaned, and i had to call housekeeping again. i again left to walk through the historic district nearby. when i returned at 5:30, i again had to call housekeeping - this time i told them i would wait right there until someone finally came to time how long it took. about 15 minutes later, someone finally came to clean the room. later that night - that maid had the audacity to knock at the door to ask for a bigger tip. when i checked out the next day, i tipped the valet - who came back a few minutes later on foot. she couldn't move my car because it's a standard transmission, she said, so i'd have to get it myself. she then gave me the keys and walked away - my original tip still in her hand."
p18
aS'id-0917\tsuper 8 was a hotel i recently stayed at due to lack of other options. as far as hotels go, they were untidy, service was slow and the overall experience was horrible. the room i got has bed sheets strewn all over the place, and no room keeping person had bothered to clean the room after the previous person had left. the service was slow and it took an unreasonable amount of time to get a simple makeshift bed brought to our room. overall, a horrible experience that was a waste of money.'
p19
aS"id-1015\ti think i overpaid for a room at this hotel. compared to the other hotels i have stayed at, which have only been a handful, for the price of the room i expected the quality of the room to be much better. $40 or so would have been acceptable for the state of the room. it was pretty bare and looked, well, cheap really. the sheets were thin and the tv was small, so paying almost $100 for the room seemed like too much. the continental breakfast items were also bland and it seemed like there wasn't much thought put into the food, just quickly made and delivered."
p20
aS"id-1266\tthe beachcomber resort & villas is what makes south florida, south florida. the moment i walked in i was taken back by the beautiful decor, and greeted by friendly staff. i was able to check in quickly, and with no hassle. the room was more amazing then expected! it had a beautiful view! i looked out and saw all of ft. lauderdale on a crystal clear day. at this point, i decided i'd rather be on the beach then look at it, and no sooner then that i walked out the back door of the hotel, and was right on the beach. beachcomber is amazing, the rooms, the service, the amenities all exceeded my very high expectations."
p21
aS"id-0941\ti stayed at this hotel when i was trekking across pennsylvania to get to new york city the next day. i was extremely disappointed by my stay here! the staff ignored most of my questions and brushed those questions off of their shoulders like eh, it can wait. i was even more baffled with disgust when i entered my extremely stuffy room to find a tv that did not work, and a very low internet connection that i paid to connect to! the meal was great though, room service was mediocre at best, and the bed was surprisingly very comfortable. this hotel was by far the worst i've ever stayed at, you can tell that these people were just in it for the money and had no people skills."
p22
aS'id-0879\tthis hotel smelled like smoke everywhere, not just on the smoking floors. there was also a mix-up about our reservations before we arrived, they got it worked out but it involved some inconvenience for us. the breakfast selections were paltry, just a few sad pastries and some fruit, not the full, hot breakfast we were led to believe we would have. overall, this hotel was not the worst but it was just disappointing in many ways. next time i find myself in grand junction, colorado i will choose to stay somewhere else!'
p23
aS'id-1274\tabsolutely a great hotel for families! the rooms are spacious, restaraunts are very kid-friendly, and the pool area is gorgeous. my children felt like they were at a water park, not just another hotel. we will definitely return for another stay here!'
p24
aS"id-1146\twe had an incredible stay at the xv beacon. it started with an upgrade to a gorgeous room. the hotel is in a quaint part of boston hand the rooms are on the smaller side. however, this is made up for with the service and the decor. the room is so luxurious and comfortable. the bed linens are the highest quality i have ever seen in a hotel. the bath products are amazing as well. everywhere you look there are wonderful details. from bowls of fruit for the taking throughout the hotel to embossed leather walls in the elevator. the staff knew us by name each time we passed through the lobby and always went out of their way to be friendly towards our young daughter. the location can't be beat either. it's like staying with a friend in their brownstone in beacon hill. i would never stay anywhere else in boston."
p25
aS'id-0915\ti was hoping to be able to spend my night somewhere nice for my birthday to get away but boy did i make a big mistake! the room was unclean and the beds unmade. when we went to the office to complain they did every little to apologize and made very little effort to fix the situation. rude and unclean! i do not plan on returning during my next stay.'
p26
aS"id-1074\tthe holiday inn near the stadium in philly was one of the highlights of my trip last summer. i was there for a weekend to take in the sights and watch a playoff game at the ballpark. the customer staff was very professional and even told me of a discount that i was eligible for, which i had no idea about, and it saved me almost $20 per night! the room was perfectly clean and the beds were just as comfortable as mine at home, so i slept soundly the entire time i was there. the wifi was great and the restaurant was even better the couple of times that i ate there. all in all, it was a very pleasent experience and i can't wait for my team to play in philly again so i can revisit that holiday inn!"
p27
aS"id-1064\ta night at the hotel roanoke is a charming experience and the perfect overnight getaway. there are many venues to experience from enjoying a quality gourmet meal in the regency room to enjoy the luxury of late night drinks in the pine room, complimentary big cookies waiting for us in our room. a walkway connects the hotel with the downtown shops, restaurants and large farmer's market.  the opportunity of exploration are endless in this beautiful city, roanoke it self being known as the festival city of virginia always has something going on form the festival in the park to dickens of a christmas its a amazing place to visit"
p28
aS"id-0959\tafter a recent stay at the luxor in las vegas, my husband and i have decided that we won't be going back or recommending the hotel. at check-in we were notified of a 15 dollar a day phone charge, we had no intention of using the phone but they told us this was a mandatory charge. we stayed in the pyramid and found it to be very outdated and kind of grubby. the hair dryer in the bathroom didn't work and it took over two hours and several phone calls to get a replacement. it was also noisy in this part of the hotel. the buffet was awful. we gave both breakfast and lunch a try. at breakfast, the coffee creamers on the table were spoiled. gross."
p29
aS"id-1246\tthe san francisco marriot at union square is an amazing hotel. i stayed there for three days during the summer of 2011. first of all the location of the hotel in union square is great because of all the shops and restaurants nearby and because of its proximity to many interesting san francisco hot spots. when i entered the hotel i was greeted by the receptionist who had my reservation ready and who offered me many ideas as to what to do in the city whenever i left the hotel. my room was spectacular and had a nice big window in which i could see union square and all the commotion going on the street, which is nice when you're in a big city and can see all the city lights. the beds were nice and clean which is always a big concern of mine and the bathroom was equipped with many towels and toiletries, which was also really nice. there is absolutely nothing i can complain about seeing as the location, the hotel amenities, and my room were all wonderful. i would definitely stay there again."
p30
aS'id-1046\tthis place is a piece of heaven on earth. as we drove up, we heard the sound of the ocean crashing against the rocks. the building was very open and inviting. the hotel staff greeted us with smiling faces, and offered to help immediately. the grounds to the hotel are well manicured and very lush. the rooms are luxurious. the beds, with their down comforters and fluffy pillows, provided the best rest. the soaps and lotions were heavenly. the lobby had nice areas to relax, and the beach access is as good as it gets. in addition, the pools are quite nice. there is even a slide for the kids and an outdoor bar for lounging and snacking, or drinks. the entire family enjoyed the stay.'
p31
aS'id-1160\thoward johnson hotels are the best value for your money and your time. the staff there are very helpful and friendly, and the hotel itself is immaculate. our family really loved the idea of bringing fido on our vacation with us, and this hotel accommodated that for us. my children absolutely loved this place and everything about it. they were amazed at the sight of an indoor pool, and delighted when i told them they could go swimming. the hotel also had one of the best complimentary breakfast ive had at a hotel. there was a huge selection of food. the rooms are big and spacious, so we had no problem fitting everyone in comfortably. i would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone looking to get away, whether that be with or without family. one of the best hotel experiences of my life!'
p32
aS'id-1230\tthis hotel was absolutely beautiful as soon as i walked into the lobby. there are a lot of places to relax downstairs with lots of comfy chairs. the room had a great view of the town and it was a great place to relax. the bed was very soft and i had no trouble sleeping. there is a pool downstairs if you want to enjoy the weather, and the attached bar and restaurant are convenient.'
p33
aS'id-1194\tmy wife, two-year old son and i stayed at la quinta inn in garland, texas during our vacation this spring break. the staff was very nice and accomodating. they quickly brought up a crib for our son soon after we requested one. the room was clean and very spacious. our bed was also comfortable. a great breakfast came free with the stay. they offered scrambled eggs, waffles, cereals, pastries, and much more. we had a great stay here. it only cost us about $80 a night.'
p34
aS'id-0883\tmy stay at the jameson inn in lafayette, la was absolutely horrible. the room was dirty and antiquated. the walls must have been paper thin as i heard every other guest in the entire building. additionally, guests were venturing in at all hours of the night and i was unable to sleep at all due to the noise. the staff was not friendly and refused to address any of my complaints. i would never stay here again.'
p35
aS"id-1134\tmy husband and i were recently on a business trip to seattle that coincided with his birthday; while he was working one day i made a spur-of-the-moment decision to celebrate by whisking him away to victoria, british columbia for the weekend. i booked a package deal which included ferry tickets, a champagne brunch, and two nights at the famed fairmont empress hotel.  i kept our hotel location a secret from my husband until we arrived, and i'm so glad i did! after we docked and cleared customs and emerged into the brisk air, we rounded a corner, and got our first look at the majestic old building. it honestly looked like a storybook castle with its pitched gables, gothic victorian architecture and a fresh dusting of snow. we both audibly gasped.   once inside, the front desk was busy with other guests from the ferry. my husband and i stood in line but took turns slipping away to poke around the warm, elegant lobby. it had fascinating objects like model steamships and faded photographs of royal and celebrity guests enjoying the hotel's various amenities over the years. we were therefore in a good mood when the customer in front of us threw what might politely be termed a tantrum. the young clerk handled the matter professionally and quickly. by the time she got to us she was incredibly apologetic. by the time we walked away from the desk, we not only had a seriously upgraded room (with a harbor view and free wi-fi) but a lovely written invitation to enjoy a complimentary birthday dessert in the bengal lounge! amazing.  this hotel is wildly romantic in the snow; because of it we stayed largely inside, snuggled into impossibly comfortable sheets and pillows in our luxuriously appointed suite, sampling the abundance of delicious teas (the empress is famous for their afternoon tea service) our room offered. we had breakfast in front of a roaring fire in the empress room, which featured heavy dark wood, intricate carvings and ornate candelabra hung amongst tapestries and paintings. we had delicious champagne and curry at night in the bengal room, overseen by a full-sized tiger (skin, anyway).   this hotel was one of the few i've ever stayed in that i can actually say i was content to just spend time in; wandering various floors, exploring some fascinating history and relaxing in the refined yet comfortable ambiance.  a once in a lifetime stay!"
p36
aS'id-0869\twe stayed at the days in on 39th in brooklyn for about 5 days in december. my daughter needed to find a place to live and register for school. this was the cheapest hotel we could find in brooklyn. we thought it would be really bad but it was actually worse. there were bed bugs and we brought them home with us. eeeeeek! the staff were very helpful when we needed to get a cab. there was a free buffet breakfast. it was edible and the coffee was great. for the money it would have been fine but getting rid of the bed bugs was a nightmare.'
p37
aS'id-0829\ti was in town for my friend\'s wedding and stayed the weekend at this days inn. i have stayed in many days inn in the past, but this one was horrible. the room smelled like stale cigarettes and mildew. i had to buy some lysol and spray it on every cover of the room and bed. i think something was biting in bed and when i pulled the sheet back. i saw dead insects under underneath the sheets i was laying on. the water ran slowly so it was hard to take a quick bath or brush my teeth. there were all kinds of huge spot on the carpet from old spills or leaks. when i complained to the front desk, he was not very helpful. the hotel was full and other hotels had no vacancies because it was "bike weekend". i will never stay at this days inn again and will not recommend it to any of my friends. they have lost a customer for life.'
p38
aS'id-0939\tafter reading so many negative reviews of the lafayette hotel in san diego, i felt like people must be just spoiled with modern hotel amenities and do not appreciate accommodations that are steeped in history. i was wrong. i am an optimist, and my positive thinking lasted all the way up the stairs and up to about 15 minutes after i got to the room. at first, the hotel lobby seemed dated and plain, but i felt that i could appreciate the character it had. then we went up a staircase that was a little spooky, and finally, we got into our room. the carpet looked soiled, the bedspread seemed itchy, the bathroom was very dated, and the air conditioning was set into the window with a gap between the unit and the window itself. we had a child with us, and the windows came down so low, with no security gate or bars. the worst part was probably the lack of ventilation. it was summertime, and the air was stuffy in the room. not at all the crisp, cool feel you look for during a summer getaway. we left the same day and found a room at the laquinta with a much better room and an even better rate.'
p39
aS"id-1202\tstaying at the bon aire on st. pete beach is by far the best vacation experience i have ever had in my life. the landscaping is beautiful! i couldn't believe all of the different colored flowers and plants. also the hotel rooms were great. everything was kept very sanitary, and the layout of the room couldn't have been better. in my opinion, the greatest plus to have staying at the bon aire was being able to get food and drinks all day from sandbar bills. sandbar bills makes one of the greatest cheese burgers i have ever had in my life. everything about this resort is just all around amazing, including the location. right across the street from the resort is a walgreens that is open 24/7! at night when sandbar bills is closed, i could walk across the street and buy a snack. in conclusion, i would recommend staying at the bon aire over any other place if you are coming to visit st. pete beach. you will not be disappointed!"
p40
aS"id-0839\twe travel as a family to the florida's space coast several times per year and stay in hotels for 3-4 days at a time. this year we visited doubletree by hilton in melbourne fl during the holiday season. the hotel's website gave an appearance of being an upscale hotel on the beach. when we arrived the hotel was not what we expected. parking was difficult. the hotel was under construction and we were constantly running into workers in the lobby and elevator. on our first night's stay i had to call the front desk several times because maintenance was still working on the room next to us after 9pm and there was constant hammering. the water for showers was lukewarm at best and the room was small for a suite. also there was no internet available for the hotel rooms so we had to go to the lobby every time we wanted to to a web search for restaurants, surf board rentals or other vacation necessities. the housekeeping staff ignored our request for clean towels even though we called the front desk several times and on the last day of our stay we were down to 1 hand towel for 4 people. i would never recommend this hotel because of the poor level of service and concern for the customer."
p41
aS"id-1112\ti stay at great wolf lodge at least 3 times a year, its a great place to have fun with your family and friends. this place is amazing , it has a giant indoor water park, with water slides and lazy river. the best part is you can go year round because the indoor water park is climate controlled. they have several activities for children to do year round, such as a wizard quest, and during the holidays they have a christmas play. these hotels are a great way to get a way from your everyday life for the weekend. access to the water park is included with your stay. if you get tired of swimming you can head down to the arcade and enjoy arcade games, and air hockey. this is vacation where you don't have to ever leave the hotel. for adults, you can enjoy their many restaurants and fine eating establishments."
p42
aS'id-1234\tthe kalahari is a great place to take your kids for a quick vacation. i went to the kalahari a few months ago and had a blast. the whole hotel is rainforest themed, which creates a vacation feel, almost like disney world. the indoor water park is phenomenal. kids and adults alike will enjoy all of the entertainment that the kalahari has.'
p43
aS"id-1182\ti stayed here several times while visiting friends in blaine. the staff are very friendly and everything you could ever need is actually within walking distance. pizza hut is next door, which is awesome! they also have free doughnuts every morning along with juice and coffee. the room i stayed in was very clean and smelled nice. i slept better there than at home. even with the motorway practically across the street it was very quiet and peaceful. i'll definitely be back!"
p44
aS'id-1098\tthe westin in virginia beach is by far my favorite hotel, which is why i keep going back. the fluffy white bedspreads and crisp white sheets will make you feel like royalty. the staff is very courteous and respectful, and the room service is prompt and delicious. i had to take pictures of my eggs benedict because it was plated so elegantly!! they offer a lobby bar and restaurant, a starbucks, and a fitness center, with some bedrooms having fitness equipment in them. there are tons of restaurants and shops only a block away from the hotel! the rooms are spacious as are the bathrooms. the attention to detail is apparent- from the folded toilet paper to the elegant leaf-shaped soap! everything is fresh, bright and shiny! i wish i could live at the westin! you too will get the royal treatment here!'
p45
aS'id-0983\tupon check in at the hotel the front desk person was very rude, and attenitive in the least. the room was dirty, and the jaccuzi was filthy and out dated.'
p46
aS"id-0931\tstay away from this hotel!!! my fiance and i ended up staying at a motel 6 on vacation due to their popularity and decent reputation, and especially for the fair pricing, however, this experience was something that was almost enough to ruin our entire trip. the room had no working air conditioner, and it was summer!!! no matter how many times we informed the front desk, they didn't send out maintenance. the sheets had yellow stains, and the entire room smelled awful. the shower head had terrible water pressure, but, this again was something that was never fixed. eventually we just ended up leaving the hotel and paying double price for a hotel of the same caliber. absolutely awful experience."
p47
aS"id-0977\tthis is one of the worst places to stay. the hotel is next to railroad tracks, and the trains were running and blowing the horn day and night. when the train wasn't loud, the traffic on the busy street nearby was. the rooms were dirty and had some empty soda bottles in it. our room was still not ready two hours after we were told it would be ready. we were so desperate to get in our room to change our clothes for a family reunion that we helped the maid make the bed. do not stay here."
p48
aS'id-1120\twe stayed at the oread in the fall for a work conference and had a wonderful time. the staff greeted us as we entered and directed us to our rooms. the architecture is beautiful, with rock walls lining both the inside and outside of the establishment. it almost felt like we were in a castle. our room was nice and clean and was well-appointed. there were granite counters and a comfortable bed. the pillows were so great that i actually asked to purchase one before we left, and they said since they get that request so often, i could order one to be shipped to my house. overall, it was a great stay and i will stay there again when i am in the area.'
p49
aS"id-1228\ti had a wonderful, relaxed stay at the huntley hotel. i wasn't staying in the priciest room, but all the staff treated me like i had reserved the penthouse. the desk clerk even helped me locate my wallet after i left it in the hotel restaurant. in addition to beautiful rooms and a kind staff, the huntley boasts a location barely two blocks from the santa monica beach. when i wasn't enjoying the amenities of the hotel, i was lounging in the sun."
p50
aS'id-1106\ti took a trip to new york for a couple of days with my two daughters and we decided to splurge and stay at the doubletree in times square. we booked a small suite on a mid level floor and were very excited by our room. the decor was exciting, bright colored and contemporary. everything was comfortable and the bathroom was somewhat luxorious. we tried the exercize room too. it was quite nice and we were the only people in it. the reception area was stylish and appealing and the hotel staff were helpful and freindly. no one was snobby even though we were paying over $400 per night. we all had a great time at the doubletree and felt welcome and comfortable.'
p51
aS'id-0823\tstaff was very rude and unfriendly, made checking in to the hotel a pain. breakfast in the mornings was cold and unenjoyable. rooms were only mediocre.'
p52
aS'id-1258\ti stayed at this hotel with my family last summer. a big plus for us was that they accepted pets so we were able to bring our dogs on vacation with us. the staff was very friendly and accomodating, and the rooms were neat and clean. we really liked the fact that there were separate areas for us to walk our dogs and for our child to play. i would definitely recommend this hotel and will most likely be staying there in the future.'
p53
aS"id-1017\ti stayed at the super 8 location in east lansing, michigan. it was cheap, but there's a good reason for that- the entire place is a wreck. the staircases up to the motel rooms were filthy, and some of the glass attached to the railing was broken. once you got to the room, the carpets were discolored, and the room had a strange, pungent smell to it. i wouldn't stay there again."
p54
aS'id-1116\tthis the best hotel for the money that i paid to stay there for a week last summer. very decent breakfast and friendly staff. internet was free and fast. i would certainly recommend this hotel to my friends and looking forward to my next stay there this summer.'
p55
aS'id-0945\twell to start, there is mice the laundry room. the side balconies are very weak, made from debilitated wood that is almost 50 years old. the rooms are very drafty. the rooms come with television, that is choson by who is in the office at the time. they can change your programming right in the middle of your show! the rooms are badly painted, they are extremely little. they took the wifi extenders out, which makes internet very hard to get from this location. to be honest we have to use the ramadas internet to get internet connection. the whole back building is full of sex offenders. the sex offenders are made to work on the rest of the property throughout the day, which makes conditions for safety of kids very poor. that about does it.'
p56
aS"id-0897\ti really wanted to like the lemon tree hotel. however- the king size bed was so hard, i didn't get any sleep for two nights (and i was 7 months pregnant at the time!). the futon in the kitchen/living room of our suite wasn't any better. when we told the front desk person, she looked irked.  the fan in the bathroom was so loud, that we ended up not turning the light on (light and fan were connected) when we used the toilet or showered. speaking of lights, they were so oddly placed and the light switches were not near the lights that they operated.   the free breakfast was picked over by the time we got there at 8am both days, but they did restock the pastries and the coffee creamer (begrudgingly!), once they saw us standing there (or overheard us talking about going elsewhere)."
p57
aS'id-1102\tthe hotel was enjoyable because the price was reasonable and the service was quick.'
p58
aS"id-1025\ti have stayed at the inn at the convention center for a total of one week on separate occasions. first, if you can get past the curt responses of the near inhuman clerks in the front office, you will make your way into one of the worst hotel experiences of your life. taking a trip in the elevator feels as if it will be your last. it is squeaky, smells strongly of cleaning detergents, and runs slowly. once you arrive on your floor, the smell of cleaning agents is even stronger than the smell of the elevator. it buries itself into one's pores and haunts your entire stay. as for the location, it's true that the inn at the convention center is near major freeways and minutes from downtown, but the area it's located in is terrible, offering nothing in the way of good food or culture. it is a haven for young party animals, noise included. additionally, the wi-fi is terrible, if and when it works at all. you would be better off saving your money for a different hotel in a different location. you won't be sorry you did."
p59
aS"id-1212\ti've stayed at this hotel several times and always had a positive experience. the rooms are nicely furnished and in good condition, and always kept clean. likewise, linens have always been clean and bathroom towels are plentiful. the water in the shower actually gets hot and stays that way (i've stayed in places where taking a shower is a risky experience!). on our most recent visit we ordered a cot for our daughter and were pleasantly surprised to receive a twin-sized roll-away bed that was just as comfortable as the regular beds--and without any extra cost."
p60
aS"id-0971\tlocated in downtown jefferson, texas, this victorian style hotel is sure to please. with the lamanche's italian restaurant found right beside this historical hotel, one doesn't need to go far to find comfort of mind or body. each room hosts a cable television and personal baths, and the bedding is comfortable. each piece of furniture within the rooms is maintained very well to further the victorian feel.  for any who are interested in the paranormal, and find themselves traveling to jefferson for first hand accounts, they will find many a story of the odd visitations that others have had in certain rooms. any who are less acceptable of paranormal activities can enjoy the calm and quiet of other well-decorated rooms.   with a friendly, personable staff to complete a pleasant stay, one can't veer wrong by visiting the jefferson hotel."
p61
aS"id-0813\tthe hotel was horrible!!!! i mean it stank! i ordered a room with a niagara falls view, but i barely saw it. i guess the room itself was fine, but don't even get me started with the food. it was sick! i am a vegetarian and i prefer not to eat on the same plate as meat was served on, but they completely disrespected my beliefs!! you can make an obvious hint that bacon was served on it!!"
p62
aS'id-1224\thampton inn and suites in lakeland florida was a great place to stay! we stayed for a dance competition for my daughter who is 12. the staff was great, the rooms were all on the same floor and we even had a free hot breakfast! i loved this hotels location, it was in the middle of a shopping mall and the girls loved to go out there and walk around or go to the movies all while staying at the hotel a+ location and service!'
p63
aS'id-1001\tthe hotel was pretty nice on the outside for the most part, but when we got to the hallway our room was on the wall paper was in the middle of being replaced so it was all torn down, the carpets were getting ripped up. if they were in the middle of renovations i wish they just put us in a different hallway, or at least given us a discount.'
p64
aS'id-1270\tthis hotel and resort is wonderful for family events. the three pools are an added bonus. there are many activities to enjoy year round.'
p65
aS"id-1248\tmy stay at the rennaissance hotel in ft. lauderdale coincided with the wedding of a dear friend. my initial plans for a place to stay fell through and i had to book a room at the rennaissance after arriving in the area. the booking staff on the phone was very helpful and the rates were great considering i was reserving for a stay that would begin that very night.  i was very happy with the amenities at the hotel. there is a more than ample parking lot. the lobby was fit for an art museum, and the food was scrumptious. the room we stayed in was beautiful and overlooked the pool and a lake. our bed was very comfortable and we slept like babies.   overall the service at the rennaissance was impeccable. the concierge was extremely helpful, polite, and responsive. if i ever need to be in the area again, i'll make this hotel my first choice."
p66
aS"id-1226\ti love staying at the la quinta inn everytime we travel! their rooms are always clean, many have awesome pools, and we always are able to get a generous military discount (my husband is in the army.) the first time we stayed, i was unaware of their military discount, and my husband wasn't with me. the clerk started to ring me up, and then noticed my husband's dog tags around my neck. she offered me the discount...that has stuck with me, because she didn't have to do that, but she went above and beyond for us. also, the la quinta almost always has rooms for large families available, which can be hard to find (we are a family of 6.) i would recomend them to anyone!"
p67
aS'id-1132\ti thought that this hotel was great. the resort was huge, had many pools, and offered many dinning options. they also had a shuttle that would take you to all the different theme parks as well as many on sight activities to do everyday of the week. you could do paddle boats, play tennis and basketball, and play a round of mini-golf.'
p68
aS'id-0993\ta family-oriented motel well off the beaten path. most guest rooms are family units that can be separated into two sleeping areas - one with a queen bed, the other with two twins - by a tacky folding vinyl wall. third floor accommodations feature wood-burning fireplaces with gas starters. all have ocean views and are equipped with direct-dial phones, mini-refrigerators, and coffee makers. rooms are clean, but decor is minimal and desperately in need of refurbishing.'
p69
aS'id-0953\twhen i checked into the hotel, i was informed the elevator was not working. i had to truck up the stairs, with my luggage, by self. i was provided no help from the staff. the air conditioner was broken, which created a very stuffy room. when i took a shower, the stopper was stuck shut, so by the end of the shower, the water was almost overflowing.'
p70
aS"id-0847\ti love san francisco and any chance i get i love to take a trip there. the last time i chose to stay at the argonaut as i had always heard good things about the hotel. sadly, the good reviews were either grossly exaggerated or there has been some major changes to the way the hotel runs things lately. the hotel staff were rude, snobbish and always seemed to be busy with some other thing whenever i needed help. given the price of the hotel, i expected five star service, but was treated like i was some duty and obligation they quickly wanted to get rid of. overall, my experience at the hotel was so sub-par that i'll probably never return to the hotel, no matter how great a location on fisherman's wharf it is."
p71
aS'id-1232\ti recently visited the w hotel in new orleans(downtown)for the first time and it was best hotel ive ever been too. first of all, the hotel is beautiful!! the valet is prompt and courteous. i was even given a bottle of voss water upon entrance...for free!! the check-in girl was polite and gave me a free room upgrade. my room was immaculate and beautifully decorated. later that night i ordered room service and the food was hot and fresh. i requested a wake up call the next morning and i did receive it on the dot.  checkout was a breeze and so was retrieval of my vehicle. overall, i give this hotel two thumbs up!'
p72
aS'id-1200\twhen other hotels in the area were either fully booked or offering sky-high rates, the extended stay america in burbank was a great option. there was ample parking, easy access to local freeways, and the room itself was clean and comfortable. the best part was the kitchen that carried all of the pans, dishes, and utensils we needed. it was right in a huge shopping center, which was very convenient.'
p73
aS"id-0827\treminded me of a carnival  the hotel was nice enough, but it's just crawling with people. it reminded me of a carnival--swarming with people everywhere like ants, and wherever you turn there's shops and shopkeepers trying to get you to spend money.   the hotel is surrounded by shops, and as if that's not enough, ala moana shopping center is close by (more crowds and shops)! we checked out the famous diamond head beach which is close by and it was also just crowded with tourists.  i felt so far removed from the actual natural beauty and charm of hawaii and couldn't wait to get out of there! i ended up staying at a quiet b&b in kailua instead--much more peaceful and beautiful."
p74
aS'id-0889\tthis hotel was one of the worst i have ever stayed in! when we arrived, the sheets were stained and smelled unclean. the bathroom had not been touched. there was no toilet paper or complimentary shampoos. the television did not even work. when we called the front, it took two hours for someone to come up and turn our room over. i would not recommend this hotel to anyone!'
p75
aS"id-0875\talthough it was very cheap, this hotel still wasn't worth the money. the sink didn't work, there was no toilet paper, and the room was in dire need of repair. dents and stains on the wall were unsightly and even with all the locks on the door, the people standing around all day outside my room made me feel uneasy. i would not recommend this hotel."
p76
aS'id-1066\tthis hotel was a very nice and affordable stay. the beds were comfortable and it had cable. the shower worked great, and the continental breakfast included a nice variety of foods. i would definitely stay here again.'
p77
aS'id-1244\ti stayed in this hotel while i was on vacation. this is an amazing hotel. lobby is huge and my kids really enjoyed the time we spent there. tv was big size and very crystal clear. bed was clean and everything was very organized. staff was very quick in responding to phone calls. i went to checkout the bar at night and to my surprise it was also very big and lot of options for beer. overall great experience!'
p78
aS"id-1188\tthe first time visiting a city you've never been in is scary. luckily, my friend booked me a place at embassy suites, and it wasn't so sad anymore. it has a great view from the 7th floor and the lights at night are fantastic. it's in walking distance from the north point mall in alpharetta, ga and i just about went there everyday. i practically spent all my money going to the mall and eating out everyday, but it was a fabulous time. the hotel itself has a beautiful interior and the one i stayed at had a free breakfast, an indoor pool and a bar. what more can you ask for? the staff at the hotel were very polite and accommodating and it was just a pleasant experience staying here. i would definitely choose this hotel again when i'm nearby and need a place to stay."
p79
aS'id-1072\tthe microtel in charlotte, north carolina is a nice place to stay. it is located just a short distance of the charlotte-douglas airport. it is clean and inexpensive, a perfect combination for a traveler on a budget. i stayed there when visiting a nascar race in the area. the hotel was roomy, the hotel staff was friendly and informative, and i enjoyed relaxing there. the beds and pillows were soft. i enjoyed my stay there and would gladly stay there again. 4 out of 5 stars.'
p80
aS"id-0807\ti stayed at the adam's mark buffalo for an extended stay. while i was there i became very unsatisfied with the hotel as a whole. the maid and restaurant staff were not only unfriendly but at times down right rude. the hotel had bed bugs and leaking windows which ruined some of my belongings. the food, even a fruit salad would take over an half hour to arrive when you could see the staff sitting around and talking. i heard multiple rude or sexual comments from the staff. the carpets were dirty and smelled."
p81
aS'id-0955\ti picked this hotel because i thought the location looked good, and while it is not too far from downtown or south congress, a car is required to get anywhere. no city buses come near this hotel that make it convenient to get to any desirable locations.   the hotel room was not very clean, and some objects in the room were damaged or broken. for example the toilet paper holder literally was barely attached to the wall.   housekeeping did not replenish bathroom supplies. the bedding did not have a fresh feel or smell to it.   the continental breakfast was the worst i have ever seen, with only old cereal available and coffee.   the only good thing was that the price was low, however, i would recommend paying more for a different hotel.'
p82
aS'id-1124\tthe ocean creek resort in myrtle beach is the best!the hotel is situated on the water in myrtle beach and has several pools for both adults and children. because of the location near a creek the water is great for little children. the rooms are spacious and bright. the staff is very friendly and accommodating to your needs. the ocean side bar is perfect for sitting back and listening to music.'
p83
aS"id-1029\twe recently stayed at the country inn and suites in mishawaka, in. it seemed dark and had a musty smell. the indoor swimming pool had debris in it so we didn't even get to use it. the carpet also had stains. i would highly recommend staying at a different hotel in this area if you are looking for something that feels new and fresh."
p84
aS"id-0933\tthe prices at this hotel are reasonably cheap, but that doesn't make up for the inconsistency of service here. the atmosphere of the hotel is not exactly what you would call ambiance as it is rather drab, dull and maybe even disheartening. in addition, it can get very noisy even at night, so that you might not be able to sleep despite being inside your room. for a decently priced hotel, they also charge shockingly high prices for food at their restaurant. don't book this hotel, you can do better."
p85
aS"id-1222\tmy husband and i recently spent 3 nights at the flamingo las vegas. we very much enjoyed our experience there! the flamingo is located at the center of the strip and we were in short walking distance to tons of restaurants and other hotels. our room had floor to ceiling windows with an amazing view of the strip and the bellagio fountains. the room was updated with a very large flat screen tv in the living room and even a small tv in the bathroom mirror! check-in was very quick and easy and all of the staff were extremely friendly. the hotel wasn't stuffy or uppity like other hotels we have been to on the vegas strip. the grounds were superbly kept and extremely peaceful at night.   we ate at the various places in the hotel several times and were pleased with each experience. margaritaville had a great atmosphere and great service. we ordered room service for breakfast and the french toast was amazing!   my husband and i plan to return to vegas this year and will be staying at the flamingo again. you just can't beat the price and location!"
p86
aS'id-0907\tmy husband and i were moving from colorado to georgia and were using super 8 motels almost exclusively because they had a policy of allowing dogs in the rooms. we reserved a room in st. louis at the super 8 and were dismayed to hear the manager tell us that he did not allow dogs in the rooms. this was in violation of super 8 policy. i told the manager this so he said he could give us a room in a special area of the motel. the room he put us in was dirty with stains on the carpet and walls. we were so exhausted from travelling cross country that we took the substandard room so we could be sure our dogs would be safe. this was by far the worst super 8 we had ever stayed at. the manager lied to us and violated super 8 policy when the computer clearly indicated that dogs were welcome at this motel.'
p87
aS'id-1150\tthe melia hotel in atlanta was exceptionally nice. the room was very clean and the bed was comfortable. they have a nice bar and grill inside the hotel that was very lively. i enjoyed the overall atmosphere and it was walking distance to the georgia aquarium and the coke building. the price was reasonable considering the location. my room rate including a great breakfast buffet. i was with my daughter visiting the georgia aquarium and considering i did not have to spend money on a taxi or buy breakfast, i figured i saved at least $50 each day or $100 total. i would stay again.'
p88
aS"id-1184\twe went to sycuan as a birthday trip for my husband. even though the hotel and casino are seperate it was nice because it may the environment at the resort a lot more peaceful. when i made my reservation online, i ordered a dessert tray to be delivered to our room as a surpise for my husband. we were only in the room for 5 or 10 minutes when there was a knock on our door from room service delivering our treats. the dessert tray was amazing! we not only had chcoclate dipped strawberries and fresh baked cookies, but also a giant piece of triple chocolate cake. we almost didn't make it to the casino because we almost slipped into a food coma from all the sweets. what also made our stay really nice was the fact that they had free transportation to and from the casino. you could call from your room, and be picked up outside of your room to be driven to the casino. the bus runs 24 hours so it didn't matter if we went late at night or in the middle of the day. the drive is only 5 minutes and they drop you off right in front of the casino. after being in the casino we got picked up and driven back to our room. we had such a great night's sleep and there was no rush to check-out on time.  i would recommend this to anyone who wants the comfort of a resort with the entertainment of a casino. i will definately go back again."
p89
aS"id-1082\tthis hotel is conveniently located just blocks from the world-famous waikiki beach. the room price was very reasonable, and the hotel had a lot of great amenities, such as a pool, hot tub, bar, restaurant, and gift shop. the room was quite comfortable with a great view of the city, although i know that for a little more money nightly, the hotel also provides rooms that have an ocean view. the room was secure. it had a nice bathroom with a hair dryer. it also had a closet with hangers, and an ironing board and iron. there was a fairly large safe in the room where i could store important belongings while i was out, just for added security. there was a television, a refrigerator, and a coffee pot. there was also internet for a small daily fee. the hotel is not only located close to the beach, but also to a lot of shops and restaurants. it is right on the bus line, so it is very easy to just walk outside the hotel and catch a bus to virtually anywhere on the island, including the manoa neighborhood, the zoo, or even to hanauma bay, which is about an hour's drive away from the waikiki area. furthermore, i really liked the hotel lobby--it is a nice open air lobby with tables to sit at and have breakfast. there is a lovely fountain and koi pond. i would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who is on a budget, but would like to experience hawaii nonetheless."
p90
aS"id-0921\tthe dillon inn is a nice hotel, but i have a couple of complaints. the rooms were pretty nice, but the water in the showers didn't get as hot as i would like. also, the staff was not very friendly. when i called the front desk asking for a few extra pillows the front desk person was not very nice, and i had to walk down to get them myself. other than the lack of hot water, and the somewhat unfriendly staff, the hotel is pretty nice."
p91
aS'id-0989\tin all my travels, aston waikiki circle has to be one of the worst hotels we have ever stayed at. amidst the busy waikiki beach, the atmosphere was far from relaxing, although we were minutes away from all the abc stores in every corner. the parking spaces were miniscule and the hotel needed a major remodel. the website photos were very deceiving because the room was so small and was in disrepair. we booked a penthouse and we got a cheap motel with dated furnitures and beddings. the only positive would have to be the view from the balcony overlooking waikiki beach and the amazing time i had with my husband.'
p92
aS'id-1060\tthis hotel was incredible. i stayed at the holiday inn in binghamton, ny. the room was a perfect size, they had a mini fridge in the room which was a definite plus. the beds were comfortable and they even had soft and firm pillows! i would rate this 4/5. they were clean, and the staff was respectful. the services were perfect.'
p93
aS'id-1054\tthis hotel was very accommodating to our needs. it provided a comfortable queen sized bed and a pull-out couch for our daughter to sleep in. the continental breakfast was simple but just enough for our taste. it saved us the trouble of having to pay for breakfast somewhere else. the workout area was nice, as was the pool. overall, we had a very good experience staying in this hotel.'
p94
aS"id-0911\tcaesars palace seemed like a natural stop for vegas. it's somewhat iconic to the location. however, that's what i ended up not really liking about it. it seemed like they were far too focused on being iconic, and not enough on actually being a hotel. it just felt a bit too much like i was in a casino with beds, compared to an actual high quality hotel."
p95
aS"id-0885\thow can i not like sleeping in the happiest place on earth? we for one thing i didn't sleep, at all! the room looked great, with a big high bed and fun decor. but at night my husband and i realized the plush bed was just for show, it was very uncomfortable to lay on. the pillows were like the tiny little airline pillows. i needed 3 under my head just to feel comfortable.   we were also disappointed that the hot tub was not working. it was a brisk night and a hot tub dip sounded great, but the water was maybe only 80 degrees. the hot tub was really cute, decorated with the little mermaid.   overall for $300 a night i expect a comfortable bed and a working pool area."
p96
aS"id-0873\twhen we reserved a reservation at la quinta hotel in ft. lauderdale, fl, we expected a decent nights sleep at a fairly decent price. we have stayed at la quinta before and were always satisfied. this particular hotel is not what we expected. it is run down and dirty in the rooms. also the noise level was a constant all night with the parties going on in numerous rooms around ours. i wouldn't recommend this to my enemy!"
p97
aS"id-1052\ti recently stayed at the marriott beachside hotel in key west, the one right off the roadway when you first get into town. it was pure luxury, and has its own private beach, with small boat rentals right there on the property. they have private cabana rentals and a poolside tiki bar. the restaurant is amazing and you can watch the chefs preparing everything right there from your table. it's a little ways from the main action in key west, but they provide a free shuttle that runs every few minutes and drops you off right on the main strip, in front of the jimmy buffet margaritaville restaurant. it's much quieter to stay off the main strip, and you don't have to worry about parking or driving if you've been partying. and who doesn't party when they go to key west??"
p98
aS"id-0991\tthe ste marie marie antoinette hotel, now renamed the hotel le marais, is located in the heart of the popular french quarter of new orleans. its location is convenient to the sights of the quarter. unfortunately that is the one positive aspect of this tired hotel. the property is in need of a renovation to the rooms and the common space. during my stay the pool was not operational, and the restaurant/bar was not open. the rooms were below average for similarly priced hotels in the french quarter. the hotel's brochure featured photographs that were either heavily retouched, or taken when the property had seen much better times."
p99
aS'id-0805\tthe hotel is very dirty and its not clean at all it has roaches there.'
p100
aS"id-1238\ti've stayed at the 16th street mall westin more than 60 nights in the past four years, on a combined business/personal trips. the staff and management of the hotel have always been friendly and guest driven in their service.   love the hotel's location. in fact the reason i first stayed at the hotel is the fact it's on the 16th street mall and within walking distance of our corporate office. in fact after the first trip i stopped renting a car, there just was no need for one. the view of the mountains from the upper floors is breathtaking. the king sized bed has always been world class, as they are in every westin i've stayed at.  the room comfort and staff friendliness are the reason i stay at this hotel every trip to denver."
p101
aS'id-0895\ti hate that motel is cheap noisy very load barly change sheets, ppl tent to break into cars and they barly do anything bout it just sucks...'
p102
aS'id-1042\ton a cross-country trip, hubby and i decided to stop overnight at this hotel. upon entering, we were warmly greeted by the front desk and check-in was prompt and quick.  we went to our economy room and quickly found the bathroom facilities were not in working order. the front desk promptly upgraded our room for no charge (although there were many economy rooms still available). after a quick room change we went to check out the pool and hot tub area. the area was clean and well stocked with chairs and towels (and as a bonus, we were the only ones there). the pool was cool and clear, and the hot tup warm. after a quick dip we headed back to our room to enjoy the king size bed, huge flat screen tv, and premium cable. our stay was very comfortable and no complaints about bed, bedding, or showering facilities.  the continental breakfast was superb. there was fresh fruit, cereal, eggs, and make-your-own waffles. we left filling full, refreshed, and ready for the last leg of our trip. i would recommended this hotel for anyone looking for a nicer hotel on your weekend trip.'
p103
aS'id-0905\tthis hotel is your typical corporate facility, which is ok if you like that type of thing. centrally located and clean and safe. what i did not like was the extra fees for internet and the prices of meals in the restaurant, they were outrageous. thanks, blf.'
p104
aS"id-0821\tthis hotel was absolutely disgusting. the price is low but it is definitely not worth it. you are much better off paying more and staying in a hotel that doesn't make you leave feeling filthy. the towels were tiny and had strange stains on them. the tv did not work and the hotel staff were not helpful at all. the worst thing was that the bed stunk horribly. it really smelled like a dead body laid in the bed for a month and then they didn't change the sheets. i can't imagine how long those sheets must have been on that bed for them to stink as badly as they did. i would never, ever stay there again even if they paid me."
p105
aS"id-1166\tthe polynesian resort hotel is an absolutely gorgeous hotel. we had a fabulous time. we especially enjoyed the look and feel of the polynesian. you feel like you're in the islands.   the service was terrific and the food at the restaurants was very good. there are also great shops inside for shopping.   it's convenient to the parks and you can go to the other hotels in the area.   i would definitely recommend it and we are going back really soon.  keep up the good work!!!!"
p106
aS'id-0997\tthe desk clerk was very nice. however the rooms were not nice, they had baseboards missing off the walls the tub looked nasty, the toilet didnt flush right, we had to go ask for a plunger to get it to flush at one time. the fridge was iced over. the price was high for such bad rooms!'
p107
aS'id-1003\ti would not recommend staying here to anyone. the rooms smelled like smoke, although it is a non smoking hotel. the beds seemed dirty and recently used without washing the sheets. we had to stay here because our car broke down and the mechanic was only a few blocks away and we were over 500 miles away from home. at night, it seems like a party hotel with people hanging around everywhere.'
p108
aS'id-0833\ti attended a business meeting out of town, and my secretary booked me a room at the hampton inn and suites in modesto, california. this was the absolute worst hotel stay i have ever experienced! i travel often for business, and in all of my travels i have never been so disappointed with a stay at a hotel or motel. the clerks at the front desk were rude and unwelcoming upon checking into my room. noisy children filled the hallways at all hours of the night, completely disrupting my sleep. getting ready in the morning was a total nightmare, as no hot water flowed from my shower. to make matters worse, when i left a complaint in the suggestion box at the front desk, the manager never responded back to rectify the awful situation! needless to say, i will never stay at this property again or recommend this hotel to anyone.'
p109
aS'id-0927\toverall, this hotel was not the greatest. the room was of decent quality, but was not nearly as clean as it should have been. the room service was terrible in that it did not properly stock the bathroom every day, creating a shortage of soap and clean towels. the complementary breakfast was good, but basic. the free wifi was very slow and unacceptable. the casino shuttle service was nice, however it was not on time. the gym was crowded and disorganized. furthermore, the jacuzzi suites left much to be desired.'
p110
aS'id-0867\tthe management was unfriendly, the pool was a glorified bath tub, the smoke free hotel room smelled like a tobacco field, our electronic key card stopped working at 4 am (we were returning from a wedding reception) and there was no one at the desk until 4:30. imagine being drunk and tired and having to use the toilet and having to wait 30 minutes at 4 in the morning....no thank you.'
p111
aS"id-1180\ti stayed here while attending a shpe conference in washington. the accommodations were very nice, the beds were comfortable, the walls were thick, the bathroom was of decent size - i absolutely loved the hotel. the staff was absolutely amazing and very hospitable- they went out of their way to make sure we felt welcome and enjoyed our stay during the event. one of my favorite parts of the hotel was the lobby, simply because it was large, but you couldn't get lost in it. there was always someone there to assist you with exceptional customer service skills. everyone was very friendly during the stay.  i would recommend this hotel to anyone, and while some hesitate because of the price, it is really one of the best hotels to stay at in washington in order to make the stay comfortable and positively memorable."
p112
aS"id-0963\ta couple of friends and my wife decided to take a one day short trip to the north shore of minnesota and at the end of teh day were so exhausted that we decided to stay in a hotel there rather than driving back to the twin cities. we stayed at the grand superior lodge. big disappointment. while they had rooms available, the hotel was so rustic the beds seemed old and were uncomfortable, and their restaurant closed at 8pm. in fact, all of the staff disappeared at around that time so we had to venture into town to find a place to eat. there were no amenities at the hotel and their only plus was the nice view of the lake they had. i wouldn't recommend this hotel at all."
p113
aS'id-1044\tthe southernmost hotel in key west is absolutely amazing. the location is beautiful, right on the beach with an extremely accessible and clean pool. the rooms were fully updated and featured a beautiful key west/island decor. the staff was very friendly and accommodating. they answered all of our questions about key west thoroughly and offered great recommendations. they even upgraded us to a nicer room upon arrival. the price was not exorbitant. the location was within walking distance to all the attractions on duval.'
p114
aS"id-1005\ti would never stay in the hotel again. the carpet looked and smelled as if it had been trampled on by a bunch of wet dogs. the microwave looked as if it hadn't been truly cleaned in months, not to mention the decor of the room looked as if it were chosen from a scene of an 80's movie. they claim to have free wifi but you have to call the front desk for a login code, well if no one answers at the front desk, this is pretty useless. the pictures on the website definitely overestimate the attractiveness of the indoor pool area.......the kiddie pool was the size of one of the baby pools that you buy for $10 at walmart. needless to say, we were not impressed with the atmosphere. this may be a nice getaway for college kids that plan on being wasted the entire stay (this way the defects of the hotel woould not be apparent)!"
p115
aS'id-0949\tthe worst hotel experience ever!  due to the fact the me and my husband did not pre-register to stay in a hotel during the state finals weekend, we were forced to stay in the hotel. the first room we were given still had dirty towels in it. the service was horrible it took them 2 entire hours just to get us transferred to a new room. the wost servicing experience of my life!'
p116
aS"id-1272\twe love staying at the hyatt! we have two little kids, so having an extra sitting room makes our time here so much more pleasant. the boys need to sleep earlier than we do, so we have the freedom here of putting them to bed without having to sit around in the dark waiting for them to fall asleep. we've stayed several times, and have yet to have a dirty room."
p117
aS'id-1084\trecently i traveled to phenix city, alabama to visit my brother who is in the army and stationed in fort benning, georgia. the trip was lengthy and by the time i arrived in phenix city i was absolutely worn out. i decided to check in at the quality inn. i ended up staying there for three nights and enjoyed everything about it. they had the absolute best hot continental breakfast that i have ever had at a hotel and my suite was always clean and stocked with fresh blankets and towels. if i had the opportunity, i would definitely stay there again.'
p118
aS'id-1009\twhen we came into our room it had not been cleaned by housekeeping yet. we notified the front desk who moved us to another room. we reserved a non smoking room however the room smelled like old, stale smoke. it also had a musty odor as if there was mold or mildew somewhere. the furnishings were outdated and in poor condition. the lighting was poor which added to the drab appearance. the air conditioner was loud and leaked. the hotel was in a location that i did not feel safe in.'
p119
aS"id-0951\ti booked at this hotel to save a few bucks but it was disgusting! part of the hotel is facing a highway and i was given a room in this part on the corner of the hotel. it was so loud from trucks all night i couldn't sleep. there were drunk kids going to their rooms all hours of the morning! the hotel wasn't very clean at all. not ever staying here ever again!"
p120
aS"id-0909\ti booked a weekend at terranea for my birthday. when i arrived my room was not ready at my check-in time and i was told i would have to wait. the front desk did not provide me an exact time but said i could walk around. an hour later it was still not ready. it took 5 hours actually. the next day at the pool a server came around and took my order while i laid out. they never returned. when i approached the pool bar it was mess. the sink was clogged and cups were everywhere. the price i paid made me really expect more. it should be a 2 star not 4.5. i won't be returning."
p121
aS'id-1252\tthis was a really great hotel to stay at. it has a great location close to lansing attractions including the lansing center, the breslin, and downtown. in addition to the convenient location, it is also modern and updated and the hotel was clean throughout. the room was very comfortable and cleanliness was not an issue at all. the staff were friendly and helpful and the continental breakfast was a great bonus.'
p122
aS"id-1156\tour family of 4 recently stayed at the international palms resort in cocoa beach florida. this is an excellent resort for families with young children. the rooms are accommodating with a large bed and a pullout couch. the kitchenette was also convenient because we could eat breakfast and lunch in our room and only had to buy one meal per day out. we also really liked the on site restaurant on the beach. it was close and the food was good. it also had an upper deck with a full view of the beach. the pool area is absolutely wonderful. there is a large pool for the adults and the children's pool has a pirate ship complete with water cannons and slides. our stay was very enjoyable and we will be visiting again."
p123
aS"id-1154\tmy husband and i stayed at the marriott fairfield inn and suites in downtown louisville, kentucky a few weekends ago. the hotel was conveniently located right off i-65 and the hotel provided adequate parking. we arrived before check-in but our room was ready for us. room decor is modern and colorful and i liked that the bath and lavatory were separate. the hotel was quiet and clean and the complimentary breakfast was one of the best i've had at a hotel -- fresh fruit, homemade waffles, bacon and eggs, etc, etc. would definitely stay again if travelling to the area."
p124
aS"id-0901\tthe inn at el gaucho in seattle sounded like a great idea, being right above one of the most popular steak houses in the whole city, and located in the popular belltown district downtown. however, the reality was far from great. the rooms were very sparse and the service was even more sparse. we waited for a long time just to get anyone to come to the front desk, and had to go downstairs to the busy steak house to find an attendant. the noise at night was deafening, with street sounds coming right through the walls all night, and music from the small movie theater underneath, which happened to be hosting a party that night. the prices were way to high for the level of comfort, which wasn't anything to write home about."
p125
aS"id-1208\tthe sheraton was divine. it had a trendy decor, great staff, and pleasant atmosphere. it was a bit pricey but it was also very worth it. i didn't have any issues with the staff. they were all very helpful and well trained. my room was like a gateway to heaven. the beds were soft, it was like sleeping on air. the bathroom was built with relaxation in mind. the dining was impeccable. the pool was another get away on its own. they even had a spa. this place exceeded all of my expectations. i couldn't have asked for a better stay."
p126
aS"id-1268\tthe riviera hotel in las vegas is a great place to stay if you're looking for a place to unwind after a your wild nights in vegas. upon arriving the first thing you'll notice is there is plenty of easily accessible parking, that won't have you walking too far to get to your room. you'll enter and notice a large lobby with good abeyance and quick service. the food offered inside the hotel is great. the food court offers cuisine from all over the world, for cheap and affordable prices. the indian food was awesome, quick and cheap compared to most of the prices you'll be looking at in vegas. when i entered my room i was stunned by the size. for the $30 a night rate, i was not expecting a large comfortable room! the bathroom was more comfortable than being home. when do you ever get that? the staff at the riviera was all sorts of friendly, even helping us find our way around the strip and letting us know some fun places to go that our 20 year old friends, and of-drinking-age friends could all have a blast. next time i'm in vegas, i'm booking my room at the riviera."
p127
aS'id-0841\ti stayed at the quality inn in hinesville ga, and did not like it. my first impression was they got to be joking. there is no quality in quality inn. just old bed spreadings that were so thin that could see right through them. the corners of my room was dusty with crumbs and the bathroom was ruined with rust. the beds was not comfortable at all. i was not very happy with the room and will never go there again.'
p128
aS'id-1138\tthe residence inn marriott was a fantastic hotel that i have stayed in many times. the staff is extremely friendly and always remember who i am since i travel quite often to this hotel.   the rooms are more than spacious as they boast a full kitchen, full sized couch, flat screen tv, a small dining table and a desk to do work on.   also, a few nights a week they have free food and drinks on their first floor which is very delightful.  i would recommend this hotel to anyone.'
p129
aS'id-1104\twe stayed here this winter and absolutely loved our stay! the service was impeccable and the charm of the hotel was perfect. when we checked in, we were created with frosty glasses of water and were taken to a beautifully appointed guest room. we enjoyed riding bikes around the resort and looking at the beautiful ruins, as well as lounging by the pool with drinks for the fun cocktail bar. the food at each of the hotel restaurants was delicious! we could not have had a better stay and will definitely be returning!!'
p130
aS'id-1094\tthe place inn in oxnard, ca is a perfect place to stay if you are traveling up the coast of california. the rates range form $25 to $40 a night. each room has a microwave and a fridge so you can keep all the snacks you want right in your room. the twon of oxnard is quiet and scenic so you can relax all of your vacation. some of the rooms also have a large spa that you can relax in. the staff is helpful and room service is always on time.'
p131
aS'id-1011\ti stayed at this days inn hotel for 5 days and bill was over $250.00 way to much for this uncomfortable stay. located near the main street and highway so it was a lot of noise all day and night. reminded me of an old motel. smelled musty and molded. no swimming pool!'
p132
aS'id-1108\tthe red roof inn was an excellent place to stay when i was needing to stay within a budget. the rooms were clean and the bathrooms had enough towels. the reservations clerk was professional. this hotel had a pool that was clean and well kept. the continental breakfast was good and fresh. there was plenty of parking. i felt safe staying there for the night and felt that i had enough privacy.'
p133
aS"id-0947\ti stayed for business for 4 nights. i requested a non-smoking room, but when i arrived the room smelled horribly of smoke. they did not have any other rooms available. the manger's special in the evening, which is suppose to be drinks and a snack was horrible. there was no snack to speak of and drinks were $7 each."
p134
aS"id-1168\thotel penn is in a great location and at a cheap price. for less than most other hotels in ny, you get to stay in the heart of the city write across from penn station/msg and a few blocks away from times square, macy's, and many subway stops. the rooms aren't too small, and our room even had a view of the empire state building! the hotel is also surrounded by tons of cheap restaurants, and it is perfect for a tourist!"
p135
aS"id-1142\tin 2010 my girlfriend and i decided to take a trip puerto rico as a reward to ourselves for graduating college. during the time, we were looking for vacation spots, we went on a website that offered great vacation packages. one of the packages included the wyndham rio mar. my girlfrind and i immediately paid for this four night (air fair inclusive) trip. we originally did not know what to expect as the reviews for the hotel were good and bad. but this wasn't a deal breaker. upon arrival to the wyndham rio mar, we were impressed with the service, up-keep, and views from the hotel. the reviews certainly did not justice for the expereince we were about to have. the hotel was in an excellent location on th beach. we were within a mile of snorkling, horesback riding, and mountain climbing. we also wanted to travel into the city which they offered a shuttle and it was only a few miles away. the hotel also had four different restaurants within the hotle and a conference area. overall the food was also great. the only drwaback was that is wasn't all-inclusive (bummer). but all in all, this was an amazing experience."
p136
aS'id-1128\tthis hotel is very affordable when my family takes trips to lake mead. you can find affordable rooms all year long and it is a very short drive to the lake and to the hoover dam. there is a gas station across the street and a casino, bar, buffet, and restaurant downstairs. they also have ice machines that are conveniently located, a game room for the kids and a decent sized pool and jacuzzi. they also have car spots that are ideal for those parking their cars with trailers. they have a small theatre where they show movies at a low price. the customer service is great. when we had an issue with a barking dog next door, we were bumped up to a mini suite in the small tower. it was great! i definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting lake mead.'
p137
aS"id-1078\ti decided to stay at the japan house suites thinking that it would be just like any other motel and for the amazing rate i figured the rooms wouldn't be all that great. but, boy was i wrong. the owners were very nice, helpful, and have amazing customer service. the rooms were spacious, clean, and comfortable. and in the morning they make a made to order breakfast, which steak and eggs is one of the items on the menu. i couldn't believe this great hotel that i found especially for such a bargain!"
p138
aS'id-1013\ti called weeks in advance to reserve a room, and informed the staff that i had a handicapped woman with me so i would need a wheelchair accessible room. when i arrived to the hotel i was shown to my room, which ended up not being handicap accessible. the handicap room was not available so i basically had to deal with what they gave me. on top of that, there were no towels in my room and the continental breakfast ended up only being frozen waffles. i will not be staying here again.'
p139
aS"id-1206\tthe wynn hotel was one of the grandest hotels i've ever had the pleasure to stay in. the shopping is truly the best of all the hotels on the strip! the rooms were ample in size and very modern in the decor. it was five star all the way! my husband loved the sports book and said it was the best of all he has been to. he should know he has been coming to vegas since the '72. the night life there was fantastic. surrender is now one of my alltime fav clubs to go to. let me mention the view was incredible from our rooms. the water falls were beautiful too! i love the wynn"
p140
aS"id-0999\ti had booked a one week stay at the st. augustine beachfront resort but after the first night i left. to begin they gave me the key to a room filled with other people!!! can you imagine that!!! then they sent me to another room that the beds were not made and it was dirty. the third room the key did not work after a long drive the last thing i wanted to deal with was all these problems. we finally got into our room and it was very dirty, the carpets were black the wall paper was peeling, the shower had mildew and worst of all there roaches crawling on the walls. i have never felt so disgusted. when i walked out of the room there were rats crawling in the hallways. there is no beach access, so this is not a beachfront resort like they claim.the office staff is rude and very unprofessional, you can tell they don't care about there jobs at all. this a roach motel not a resort!!"
p141
aS"id-1033\tmy son and i made a spur of the moment decision to spend the weekend in virginia beach. we arrived and saw that the palm grove was on the ocean and had a vacancy. i was immediately annoyed when i had to pay for the room upfront. my experience only got worse. the interior is old and worn out- which i could have handles, except my room was also dirty. the floor had not been cleaned, the bed was messy, and there was popcorn in the sheets! even worse, when i called the desk to change rooms, i was told i could not and after being treated rudely, someone came to clean the room an hour later. i should have left then and there. needless to say we didn't stay a second night, and i'll never return again."
p142
aS'id-0961\twhen i booked my stay, i was not informed that the entire third floor was under construction. we booked a business king room, which is normally on the first floor at other red roof inns. our room, however, was on the fourth floor. when i called guest services from my room to ask places that delivered food to the hotel, they only recommended the pizza company advertised on the room keys. after calling places myself, i was able to find a mexican restaurant and chinese restaurant that were not advertised by the hotel. the hotel boasts of having a 24-hour diner. do not expect good service at this diner. they do not have fountain beverages and they do not pay attention to their tables. the heated pool advertised was dirty. the only thing good about this hotel is the free shuttle to the airport.'
p143
aS"id-1023\ti really didn't like how cheap this motel was. it was somewhat shabby and not very nice sometimes to stay in the main building and was somewhat dark. the place didn't offer as much as i really wanted from a motel."
p144
aS"id-0835\ti went to syracuse last winter to watch my team play in the carrier dome and chose this econo lodge because the prices were cheaper (because i found out later that it's in a pretty run-down part of town) and mainly cause most of the better hotels were already booked. i drove up there and arrived pretty late, so i was very tired and ready to get some sleep before the game the next day. after pulling into the small parking lot, i realized after driving around that all the free parking spaces were gone, so i had to drive down the street to a paid parking lot. then, after carrying my luggage all the way to the hotel, i checked in and, in a sleepy haze, threw my stuff down in the room and went to sleep.  not more than two hours later, i woke up from incredible itching on my arms and legs, so i quickly turned on the light and realized how awfully dirty my room was. then i looked closer at my bed near the sheets and i literally could see many, if not hundreds, of tiny bedbugs crawling everywhere. i immediately ran to the desk, where no one was there of course, and after waiting for 30 minutes for someone to show up, i demanded another room. i then got the new room key, went up to it, and after opening the door, i saw that this new room was no more clean than the last. and yes, there were just as many bedbugs in this bed.   i grabbed my stuff and walked back to my car and slept there for the rest of the night. needless to say, not only will i never visit this econo lodge again, i doubt i will ever even visit syracuse again."
p145
aS"id-1164\tthe naples grande beach resort by waldorf astoria is a fabulous hotel located in the pristine beaches of florida's gulf coast. this wonderful property features an unparalleled location overlooking the ocean while sipping a drink from your room's balcony. helpful staff and high standards of service and cleanliness make it a great place to relax for a few days. if you are traveling with your family, naples grande features many amenities for kids, including a very entertaining pool complete with water slides and water activities. a second pool is available for those who wish a more quiet atmosphere while still enjoying pool-side service.   located just a few minutes from downtown naples, you can always venture out for dinner in town, or for some shopping. however, if you just want to get away you can park your car and forget about it until it is time to venture back to reality! everything you may need is available at this fabulous hotel!"
p146
aS"id-0893\tthis red roof inn in north charleston, south carolina is pretty inexpensive, but you definitely get what you pay for. the location is terrible. it's right off the interstate in a very busy, loud commercial area. it should also be noted that it's not as close to the historic downtown and beach areas in charleston as you might be lead to believe. we got there a little early and the room wasn't ready, so we went to a nearby starbucks for about an hour. we came back after check-in time, and the room still wasn't ready. they lady at the desk was nice but incompetent. when we finally got into a room, it was what you'd expect from a cheap hotel, and it smelled of cigarettes and cheap cleaning products. i think the worst part of it all was the other clientele there. we had a room on the second floor, which required climbing two flights of stairs. some very unsavory individuals were always hanging out on the stairs and the landing. it made me really uncomfortable to walk to and from my car. next time, i'll pay extra and stay somewhere else."
p147
aS"id-1178\tonce you book a room at the baltimore hyatt regency hotel, you will get an instant feeling of being right at home. the hotel staff greets all of it's customers with warm smiles and candy. the hotel staff, upon request, can give you a tour of the room that you plan to book. once you are in your hotel room, the rooms are emmaculate. overlooking the inner harbor and all of it's attractions. i was able to visit the attractions, have dinner in the hotel's dining room, and kick back and enjoy the room."
p148
aS"id-0817\tthe hotel has very thin walls and ceiling so you can hear everything. you can even hear full conversations word-for-word. even when we complained to have someone tell the person above us to be quiet, the manager didn't do anything at all. there was a county fair going on with bus fulls of high school kids having a party right outside our door and were shooting off fireworks. however, no one told them to be quiet. all the manager told us was that we could leave (without a refund)."
p149
aS'id-0803\ton my way home from a trip with my family, the drive was taking longer than expected, so we decided to stay in a hotel for the evening. it was summer, and there were few vacanies along highway 299, but we felt lucky to find an open spot in a motel, just as darkness was creeping up on us. unfortunately, there were many obvious reasons for said vacancy. the walls were paper thin, and we could hear the people on the floor above us walk, talk, and urinate. when they turned the shower on, our ceiling suddenly became leaky. the room was small, and dirty, with strange decor. also, there is a tiny, tacky cage in the parking lot, which claims to have housed big foot. overall, it was a terrible experience.'
p150
aS"id-1096\tthis should definitely be one of your first choices for a place to stay on any trip to montreal, but especially if you are visiting for pleasure. it offers a bargain price for elegant, comfortable accommodations and an authentically high-class experience - the staff is great and friendly, and will make you feel like (whether you are or not) a celebrity. also, its downtown location is quite convenient. overall, one of the best values you'll find."
p151
aS"id-1092\ti'm a frequent traveler to japan, and of all the hotels i've stayed in, my favorite, by far, has been the park hotel tokyo. the hotel is located in the skyscraper district of shiodome and lies within walking distance of the ginza shopping district and the famous tsukiji fish auction, a popular tourist attraction.  the park hotel tokyo's service is excellent and the english-speaking staff are helpful and friendly. the rooms, though a bit small, as is common in japanese hotels, are clean and have a stylish, modern appeal.  the lobby, which is on the 25th floor of the shiodome media tower, has a beautiful view of the tokyo tower and there are often soft jazz concerts in the evenings, giving the hotel a quiet, calm elegance. in the mornings, the lobby is bustling with patrons enjoying the excellent breakfast buffet. the buffet is not included in the room price, but i was fortunate enough to receive coupons on a couple of visits, and the food was excellent.  and when you're not relaxing in the lobby or enjoying your quiet room, the park hotel tokyo is also within walking distance to several excellent restaurants and there is a starbucks coffee located in the basement of the adjacent building, along with a convenience store for late-night snacks or drinks.  the shiodome area is primarily a business district, so unlike other popular tokyo hotels, the park hotel tokyo's surrounding areas are quiet on the weekends and evenings, though the hustle and bustle of the morning work rush can be daunting. that it's also a business district, however, means that it's a great hub for traveling, with many tokyo metro subway lines running through the area, as well the jr shimbashi train station, leaving travelers a lot of options to get around.  also, shimbashi station is centrally located station, just a few stops from the main tokyo station, akihabara, the electronics district, and popular tourist destinations like harajuku, shinjuku, and ueno.  taking convenience, location, and atmosphere into location, the park hotel tokyo has been and will likely remain my favorite hotel when visiting tokyo."
p152
aS"id-1062\tthis hotel was surprisingly well maintained and nice for the price. i found the room to be very clean and the bed was confortable. the wireless was lacking but data center in the lobby was such that i could work and not be distracted. i enjoyed the food in the restaurant and the bar. the staff was very pleasant and the night auditor was very helpful straightening out a problem with my bill. i'd defintely stay there again if i'm ever back in dallas and would recommend to friends visiting the area."
p153
aS"id-1264\ti recently went to the aulani resort and spa for a staycation for 3 days. our party consisted of 3 females and 3 males all between the ages of 25 and 30 and we all found the hotel a great place to spend a few days to relax and be a kid again. we had breakfast with hawaiian themed disney characters such as goofy, mickey, and minnie which was fun. playing in the large pool and relaxing in the man-made creek was a great place to be. 3 in our party went to the spa and all came back relaxed and refreshed while my girlfriend, her friend and i went to play on the water slides and generally have a good time. the setting of the hotel is beautiful beside a salt water lagoon. the night before we left we had a delicious dinner at the ama'ama restaurant. it was sad to get back to reality once we finished."
p154
aS"id-0811\tthe rio hotel is the absolute worst hotel i've stayed in on or just off the strip! it had the worst service! as we would stroll down the rundown hallways the smell of room service dishes and smoke was so dissapointing! the same left over food was left out for our two days stay. we could smell smoke in our rooms from the casino. my husband had trouble sleeping as the neon lights could be seen in our rooms with the curtains drawn. the casino was like an old bar room. really bad ventilation! last but not least! it took over sixty minutes to check out!"
p155
aS"id-1136\ti was very impressed with the hotel. the exterior of the hotel was one thing, which is simply marvelous, but it was probably the roomiest hotel in the concord, nh area. it is close to my brother's school, had excellent service and pretty nifty free toiletry, nice bathrooms, free internet connection and more. the attendants were very attentive, and i would love to stay there again if not for the price."
p156
aS'id-1126\tmy stay at the embassy suites hotel in minneapolis, mn was an enjoyable experience that was enhanced by the many upscale benefits provided by the hotel. the highlight of these was the complimentary hot breakfast served in the morning. in addition to the normal breakfast components such as fresh fruit, cereal, assorted pastries, and the other usual suspects, embassy suits offers a cooked-to-order grill, where you can request pancakes, bacon, sausage, and their famous omelets. it was delicious!  the main reception area off of the lobby is gorgeous, with flowing water and plants creating a peaceful atmosphere that is a great place to sit down and relax, or chat with friends. i also appreciated the clean room (with comfy beds) that had both a sleeping area, and a separate living room space. capping it all off, the hotel is right next to the mall of america and 10 minute away from the minneapolis airport.'
p157
aS"id-1204\tthis hotel was fantastic, everything about it was simply amazing. not only that, but on my first attempt to find the place, my gps took me to the wrong location (another hyatt place) and even that location was clean, and had nice attendants who promptly directed me to the other location.  the price and amenities are simply unbeatable. due to extending my stay, i had to switch hotels, and let me say, this hotel offered twice the value at half the cost. when you enter, the room is split into multiple rooms, the tv is huge and hd, the wifi is free, and the beds are so comfortable. downstairs, they have a 24/7 desert bar, you simply walk down, tell them what you want, and they add it to your tab (they don't even ask for your room number, they remember it!). so convenient and amazing. when you show up, they even offer you a personalized tour!  and when you wake up, stop by the breakfast. their biscuits and gravy are to die for."
p158
aS'id-0987\tthe ao chalong hotel in phuket, thailand was a huge disappointment. we wanted to have a nice, somewhat luxury vacation, me and my two friends. we arrived at a later hour (but had informed the hotel that we would get in later because of our late flight) and the staff was extremely unfriendly. since there were three of us traveling together it was difficult to find rooms that accommodated three people. however, when we booked with ao chalong we specifically stated that we would be three people and need a third bed. from the get go, the hotel had our reservation completely wrong and were extremely disrespectful to us. they made us very uncomfortable and the accommodations were terrible. we could hear everything from the other rooms and the locations were ugly and in terrible state. stay away from this hotel.'
p159
aS"id-0929\twhen i visited this hotel, i thought everything was going to be great. it's appearance was not too shabby, but as soon as i got to the room, my opinion began to change. the room was nowhere near the quality that the rest of the hotel was; it only came with the basics, and nothing more. i would have expected more from a nicer hotel. the other surprising thing about this hotel was the staff. i did not feel secure at all. when i first came to my room to find my wife, she was not there (and i did not have a key). i simply came to the door, knocked, and waited one second. the maid down the hall came over and let me in the room. i could have been some stranger that was knocking on someone's room! i will not go back to that hotel because of this safety issue. thank you."
p160
aS'id-0801\twe were visiting salem and only stayed one night at this location. the room felt...and smelled dirty. it smelled like it had at one point been a smoking room that they were attempting to cover up and re-purpose as a non smoking room. the water in the hotel also had a funny taste and there were no alternatives to tap water provided that they were not charging a ridiculous amount for. all in all any mildly redeeming qualities did not make up for the sanitary levels of the room we stayed in.'
p161
aS"id-0923\tthe inclusion of insects in your hotel room isn't anything to be thrilled about. the motel 6 hotelier establishments typically have permissable conditions, however a particular experience of mind was quite atrocious. the room had a faint odor or must to it that denoted mold or mildew in the bathroom area. also the maids or cleaning staff enter your room without knocking first, promptly apologizing however the damage has already been done. i do not appreciate people unlocking my door at a whim's notice and having complete unhindered access to my valuables which are extremely important. documents such as my passport and my wallet were placed into the electrical safe only to find that the safe did not lock and opened with a universal key code of 00000. i will not be returning to this hotel if i can help it."
p162
aS"id-1216\ti have no complaints and i'm a picky hotel guest. the room was clean, the sheets were not old, and the bathroom was spotless. everything worked properly which made for a great experience while getting ready for an interview. the front desk staff was more the helpful. they gave us advice on where to eat, information on the city, and the place i was interviewing at. the continental breakfast had lots of unique options; it went beyond the average spread at a hotel. i'm impressed."
p163
aS'id-1088\tthsi is the mose beautiful place i have ever stayed. a very small 40 room french style hotel. the staff is exceptional and the beach is the best in all of jamaica.  very clean and the rooms are great. clive the beach security is the best ever in keeping all the venodors away from you so you can relax'
p164
aS"id-1114\tfrom the moment you walk in, you know the experience at the westin is going to be a fantastic one. the staff behind the counter are friendly and the bellhop will take your bags to your room while you check in. everyone is dressed nicely and act very professionally; something you expect from such a high quality hotel. the rooms are large with nice flat-screen televisions to watch while you're laying on a goose feather down comforter. the bathroom is equally as impressive with marble floors, a large back lit mirror and a walk in shower that has stone tile! the in house restaurant has a variety of delicious menu options to eat while you look out over the pool deck. valet parking is available as well and can be called from your room so you don't have to wait! i loved this hotel and would recommend it to anyone seeking luxury and comfort during their stay."
p165
aS'id-0871\tthis was our first and only stay at the ambassador hotel in new orleans. when arriving we had to wait for five minutes before anyone even asked us about checking in. we paid for a deluxe room only to find that the room did not have a window looking to the outside. i must point out i said a window looking to the outside as we did in fact have a window looking out into the hallway? also it had flimsy blinds covering the window, hardly blocking anyone from looking right in at the bed. it was mid-may in new orleans which means its already hotter than a firecracker on the fourth of july, the air conditioning would barely work even after we left it on full blast for 6 hours. the only way to tell it was even on beside the rumbling of the motor was to lay your face on the vent to feel the semi cool air. after complaining to the hotel staff we were brushed off and never was able to get a hold of them again. i would highly not recommend this hotel to anyone, not even my worst enemy. as the room may bake you alive with the heat and the staff just do not care.'
p166
aS'id-1122\ti stayed at the red lion in anehiem, ca. it was within walking distance of disneyland, which was great. the interior of the hotel was beautiful. the marble floors in the lobby were goreous. the room was tastefully decorated, with a beautiful bathroom. the bed was very comfortable and the bedding was clean. the housekeeping was great. i also loved the great hd tv available in the room. i would stay again!'
p167
aS'id-1254\tmy wife and i spent our honeymoon at sandals grande st. lucian and absolutely fell in love the place. our room was very spacious and had a nice flat screen tv. there was also three different pools to choose from. the main pool even had a swim up bar. even better yet, the beach was amazing. this was true a true paradise.'
p168
aS'id-1196\twhen my family and i were on college visiting trips, this is one of the hotels we unfortunately stayed in. first off, the hotel was no where near the university campus, even though it was construed on the website that they were within walking distance. note: i contacted their corporate offices and they have since taken this fact out of the hotels description.  the room was not no terribly spacious and the decor / ambiance of the room was very dated; think old floral paintings and an outdated lead-screen tv.  and it smelled! oh dear god did it smell bad in that room. at one point, our family actually had to switch rooms entirely just to avoid the odor emanating from the bowels of hell itself.  would i ever go back to this hotel? absolutely not.'
p169
aS'id-0795\tthis hotel was mediocre. it did not live up to the hilton hype. it was not priced correctly for the service i got. it was nothing in particular that caught my eye. the lobby looked like a hg t.v. magazine threw up in it. the indoor pool might as well had been outside due to the fact it was a random pigeon flying about freely. the food was not as well prepared as i had expected. the menu was drab and had a small selection. i really thought i was ordering from a kids menu. the room i was in had such a filthy carpet. it was like the people before me threw a party then checked out when i checked in. the bed was ok, but for 123 dollars a nite it should have been stellar. the bathroom was also a little let down. the tub could barely fit my husband. i would not ask anyone to pay for a stay here. i paid the hilton price for a motel six stay.'
p170
aS"id-0899\ti didn't enjoy my experience in this hotel because their were insects in my hotel room and it seemed very dirty."
p171
aS"id-0969\tme and my family stayed here during the 4th of july weekend as a family get-together and birthday party. the resort has it's own water park, which is nice, but that's about as far as nice got. upon arriving, the rooms were not what had been described to the person who purchased all of the rooms, and they had to purchase an additional room to make up for the misunderstanding. later, one of the rooms was charged to another family member who checked in early. another family member was charged with room service fees for meals they never ordered or received (watch your credit cards closely!). the rooms were dated and the carpeting was gross. the location of the rooms are literally a drive from the front desk, so if you need anything, it's going to take a while. and the maid service? non-existent until the morning we were all due to leave. for the price, this place was atrocious, and i would never recommend staying here, even with the water park (the added resort fee pays for that). save your money."
p172
aS"id-1118\ti live in houston and i usually stay at the galvez hotel on galveston island at least one or two times a year, as i live in houston, which is about an hour away in good traffic. i like to go down there as a quick weekend getaway, to relax and unwind. they have a bed and breakfast deal that suits my needs perfectly. i've always liked their historical ambience, and they've updated the decor in recent times which makes it an even more attractive place. the staff is always pleasant and the rooms are always clean, peaceful and quiet, which are all major attractions for me. the hotel is supposed to be haunted, and i would love to see a ghost, but to date, i have never had so much as one paranormal experience. despite my lack of ghostly encounters, i still love staying at the hotel because of its historic ambience, tranquility and beachfront location. one of my more pleasant memories of the galvez is standing on the beach there at dawn, with coffee in hand and watching the sun come up over the ocean. the hotel is close to several of galveston's attractions that i like to visit. i come down to eat at nearby pier 21 and have one of their shrimp poor boys, go shopping on the strand and visit moody gardens, which has a great saltwater aquarium and a wonderful rainforest pyramid, loaded with tropical birds and butterflies. if you want a loud, crazy place, then fly to las vegas, but if you need to relax and unwind, stay at the hotel galvez on galveston island."
p173
aS"id-1152\tthe w hotel in san francisco, is conveniently located close to the mascone convention center and a couple blocks from san francisco's shopping district - union square. the very chic and trendy hotel is well furnished, full of amenities like a gym and indoor pool, and the service is top notch. the rooms are very modern and there are several bars located within the building. the staff are extremely knowledgeable and will help guide if the most knowledgeable guest. i had the privilege to spend a weekend here and i won't hesitate to do it again next time i'm in the area. the hotel is also a stone's throw away from the sfmoma - san francisco museum of modern art for the art lovers out there."
p174
aS"id-1242\ti loved the time i spent at the luxor. it combined an elegant design with an amazing staff. we stayed near the very top of the pyramid, and the view of the city was simply breathtaking. even something as simple as using the elevator was a fun experience. instead of simply going up and down, it's structured to take the unique slant of the hotel into consideration."
p175
aS'id-1110\ti loved the experience i had at this hotel/resort. the hotel was clean and organized. the heated pool was very nice when it was late and a little windy. the restaurant food was very delicious and fresh. the variety of food in the restaurant amazing. they had many typical mexican dishes that were amazing. the beach was crystal clear and the sand was clean. i did not have to fear of getting cut or hurting my feet.'
p176
aS"id-1056\tthis is easily seattle's most elegant hotel. the fireside room, a stunning, wood-paneled lounge on the first floor of the building, is in itself worth a visit. with frequent live jazz performances and cocktails, it transports you to a bygone era. the rooms themselves, though on the small side, are dripping with atmosphere. the furnishings are elegant, the walls accented with wonderful period details, and the bookcase (filled with real books) is a wonderful touch. everything, from the bathrooms to the linens, has a wonderful, lived-in feel. and best of all, the hotel is only a few blocks from downtown! the location is especially ideal for those doing business at the conference center, which is only a short walk away. if you want a homey, refined atmosphere, the sorrento can't be beat."
p177
aS'id-0849\tthe circus circus hotel in reno, nevada is not even a hotel that i would send my worst enemy. not only is the place in the middle of the armpit of america (reno), but the hotel is just a mess. everything, and i mean, everything smells like smoke. the smoking is supposed to be in the casino area only, but that is hardly the case. there are multiple restaurants, but they are usually closed and the food is horrible anyway. it is terribly old and it definitely shows in the rooms and in the casino. it is in serious need of a renovation asap.'
p178
aS"id-1130\ton my last vacation, i decided i wanted to go to a place that was quaint and quiet, but still had a suitable level of culture to partake in. this place turned out to be charleston, sc. after doing research on hotels in the area, i decided on the planters inn on market street, a quite luxurious hotel for the area featuring a 4-star dining experience. upon reaching the hotel the staff was friendly and greeted me warmly. check-in was a breeze and soon i was off to my king room accommodations. outside the room was a little round, iron-wrought table set for two overlooking the courtyard. the tall white columns were freshly washed and looked new and fresh plants were out. (the weather was a bit dreary the entire time, so i didn't get to enjoy that feature of the hotel very much.) once inside with my luggage, the first thing i noticed was a card with my name on it and a teddy bear in the middle of my ginormous bed. the card welcomed me and the bear ultimately became a keepsake for my nephew. the bedroom was beautiful, and the bathroom was just as nice. the first thing i did was take a nice long, hot bath in the jacuzzi. it was the perfect way to unwind after my drive from atlanta where i'd just barely fled some unseasonable snow. after the bath, i ordered the duck from the 4-star peninsula grill and a glass of champagne. it was my first vacation in almost a decade and i planned to live it up! my stay lasted a week, and all in all, each day was the a slightly different rendition of the first. between sightseeing, visiting shops for gifts and keepsakes, and hitting up a few bead shops for my jewelry line on etsy, i got to relax in some of the most luxurious accommodations i have ever had the pleasure of partaking in. the staff, from the front desk to the housekeepers, were all friendly and quick to answer any request. (once i saw a bellman delivering chocolate covered strawberries that were not on the menu, he made sure i got some too!) it was a fabulous hotel and a place i plan to visit again in the future. thanks planters inn!"
p179
aS'id-1100\ti had one of my best hotel experiences in this establishment. this hotel is located right on the beach, had plenty of amenities and the people (both guests and employees) were full of energy and really made me feel both welcome and happy.'
p180
aS"id-0967\twe didn't feel at home at the crowne plaza near the pittsburgh, pa airport from the moment we got there. the room was not clean, we had to scrub the bathtub before we even thought about using it. airplanes continually roared above our room, which must have been right under a major landing path for the nearby airport. we expected a higher level of service and room amenities than we received. the outdoor pool was not heated, and it was frigid for late-august. the pool area was also not clean. we were glad for the morning to come so that we could leave and be on our way."
p181
aS"id-1190\tamerica's best value inn - golden gate is just that, a great value near golden gate bridge. the hotel was located near several different bus stop lines, which made travel around the city very simple. the golden gate bridge was about a ten minute ride away. as for the hotel itself, the staff was very friendly, they held our bags for us when we got there earlier then expected and also let us check in about two hours early after that. the room we booked was a king suite and the size was great for only $50something per night. we joined their free discount club before we went, so the room was a great deal. the shower had plenty of hot water and the bathroom was clean. we had never been to san francisco before and so we didn't spend too much time in the hotel but it was clean, the bed was large and comfortable and the staff was great. we plan on staying with them next time we travel to sf."
p182
aS'id-1192\tthe pearl river hilton offers an incredibly upscale experience. the hotel boasts 17 acres of extraordinary landscape, a full pool, and a gourmet restaurant on premise. the staff is extremely friendly, and the rooms are very comfortable - all with a great view! additionally, there are many conference and event rooms in a separate wing available for your next special event.'
p183
aS"id-0981\ti am a business traveler that often had to stay at this hotel because the other options in the area were often sold out or more expensive (would get rejected by my corporate policy). repeatedly, i was disappointed with this hotel. this hotel is stuck in a time warp for renovations and basic amenities. even with recent updates in the lobby, the actual rooms lack the much needed updates. on one occassion, my room did not have towels or a shower curtain! yes, the hotel can fix this but it shows the lack of effort and attention to each room. for a frequent traveler, i found the beds uncomfortable and lumpy. the blow dryer was old and while it seems like a small piece, it's an important luxury. the toiletries were as basic as they come and this is a courtyard, i expect body lotion or conditioner! i have voiced my concerns to management and been contacted before but never heard back about changes being made. in 2011, i had to spend 78 nights here. i could change my travel schedule to avoid overnights so i would not have to stay here."
p184
aS'id-0799\ti recently stayed at the astor crown plaza in new orleans for a work seminar. my seminar was being held in another hotel in the french quarter, so i felt that it would be best for me to stay in the french quarter as well. i got a somewhat reasonable price for the astor and thought that it was in a good location when looking at a map of the area. i arrived with a coworker very late at night due to plane layovers and was extremely uncomfortable when getting out of my taxi. there were probably 7-10 random people standing outside the doors cursing and yelling. i had to walk through these people to get to the door and there was no doorman to make me feel more at ease with the random cursing people.  i went to check in and it went quick enough, however the woman helping me spoke only when spoken to and seemed very annoyed that we were checking in - like we had interrupted something. just handed us our room keys and looked back at her computer.   the room was fine - no complaints about the cleanliness. however, it is impossible to sleep! with all of the commotion on bourbon street below, you must bring ear plugs if you even want to think about sleeping!   i was in need of some water and went down the hall to the vending area and tried to but a bottle and was unable to because it was sold out. i went back to my room assuming that it would be refilled at some point that night or the next morning. the next night, i tried again - no water. i then went to several other vending areas on other floors and no water there either. i went back to my room and called room service and did receive two bottles of water. i drank half of one and went to bed. the next day, i left the room for my work function and came back to see that housekeeping had taken my water!   all in all, the location of this hotel is fine, but customer service, and water, seem to be lacking quite a bit! i will be returning to the french quarter but not to this hotel.'
p185
aS'id-0957\ti booked this hotel last week while visiting philly. i am generally a fan of hilton properties so when i called hilton they offered this hotel which they stated was 15 minutes from downtown philly. boy where they wrong. this hotel was actually a 40 minute drive from the downtown area. when my girlfriend and i checked in, we did not realize that they were renovating the lobby and certain rooms, i with the telephone representative would have stated this!! also, they gave us a corner room on the 2nd floor all the way at the rear of the building. the door to our room was ajar when we entered so i thought something was suspicious. there was a 30 minute delay in order to switch us to a different room. not a good experience. will not stay until the renovations are all done.'
p186
aS'id-0809\twe arrived at the hotel about 5 pm. first of all google maps gave us the wrong address. sent us 10 miles up the road. (not blaming the hotel). then we went up to our room and the a/c was not working properly. the ac knob was broken and we could not turn it on or off. it took them about 2 hours to get someone up to fix it. besides that the stay was blah. nothing major or nothing to get excited about. i requested a partial refund and finally got one only because i am a priority member.'
p187
aS"id-1256\tindian hills inn taos plaza is a great place to stay, especially for the price. we were in the middle of everything -- the shops, the restaurants -- and could pretty much walk everywhere. the parking was great, even though our stay was during spring break. the room was clean, and the beds were very comfortable. we'll book again the next time we're in taos."
p188
aS"id-1007\ti recently stayed at the aliante station casino in las vegas, nevada. i am a regular guest at red rock station casino, their sister property. i was enticed to stay at aliante because of a deep discount they were offering. however, our experience was so bad that the hotel should have paid us! the directions on the hotel's website were outdated. the route took at least half an hour longer than if they had taken another freeway. we finally arrived and got up to our room. despite opening less than a year ago, our room had many things broken or missing. lights were burnt out, the television remote did not work unless we sat one inch in front of the television, our bathroom toiler paper holder was ripped from the wall and the sink water pressure was horrendous. they also forgot to stock our minibar, despite checking in much later than the usual arrival time. we tried to ignore the poorly-maintained room by dining and gambling downstairs. we first tried their cafe. the service was horribly slow and the food was tasteless. we next tried their pancake house. the food was covered in vinegar and was disgusting. after those two meals, we drove to the nearest grocery store and prepared the remainder of our meals in the room or ate at restaurants off of the property. i shared my complaints with the reservation agent upon checking out and he did not seem to care. i will never stay at this location again!"
p189
aS'id-0903\tdid not like the service that i was provided, when i entered the hotel. i also did not like the area, in which the hotel was located. too much noise and events going on for me to feel relax and away from the city life.'
p190
aS"id-0935\ti stayed at the ramada hotel in cordele, ga for three nights while i was visiting relatives. we tried two rooms before we found one that had working air conditioning and didn't smell of mold. the third night we were there, the air went out in the third room. we complained and received a full refund and will never return to this hotel ever again. the girl at the front desk didn't seem to care if we weren't happy at all."
p191
aS"id-1144\ti like the motel 6, it was very affordable for what it was. didn't have a bad odor like most motels. pretty clean rooms.they are pet friendly so i didn't have to pay extra for my dog. which is a money saver. i like the pool in the middle of the property where you can see rooms from pool."
p192
aS"id-1076\trecently, i stayed in las vegas at the motel 6 tropicana. i loved this motel 6. it was newly remodeled, and they allow pets. i travel with my dogs, so being able to bring them in is a plus. the newly remodeled room was very pleasant. i stayed in a non smoking room. it was very clean. the bathroom was spacious! the room was decorated in bright colored paint, and had a flat panel tv. the motel 6 tropicana, is located two blocks from the strip. it made walking to the strip a breeze. the staff was very helpful in finding a room on the first floor of the two story hotel. i also travel with small children, and needed to be able to access the room without the hassel of stairs. i'm planning another trip to las vegas in the very near future. i've already booked a room at the motel 6 tropicana."
p193
aS'id-1031\ti chose this place because i was on a budget and was only staying in town one night. upon getting there i realized that you need to pay extra for internet access, which was still slow. the room was smelly, and the bathroom was gross. luckily i brought my own blankets and pillow, because the bed and its linens were dirty smelling. the only thing that would redeem this hotel is the fact that it is located around lots of shopping and restaurants.'
p194
aS"id-0937\twe stayed here on our way from miami to key west. we only had to spend a night, so we found first hotel that was available. the hotel is on the highway 1 so was the first (and only) one we tried. we paid about $60 for a room, which i thought was a bit too expensive for the hotel and neighborhood, but i was too tired to hunt for bargain.  the hotel was rated as 2 stars. i have stayed at other two star hotels, and the rooms looked comparable at first sight. however, the first room that was given to us had a terrible smell of bleach. we couldn't stand there for a minute and went back to reception and got another room. no smell in other room. once we settled and unpacked, i started noticing small problems. the refridgerator was too loud and at night i woke up and unplugged it. the bed was so fragile that everytime i turned in sleep, it squeeked & my wife woke up. the flush in bathroom was leaking. it flushed regularly every 5 minutes and made noice. the hair dryer was not working. the hot & cold indicators in the bathroom was interchanged. above all, when i complained to the receptionist while checking out, she looked at me as if i was being too fuzzy. no wonder none of the problems were fixed yet. i would recommend everyone to stay away from this hotel."
p195
aS'id-0845\tthe sheraton garden grove anaheim south hotel is a newer built hotel on the anaheim strip, but because it is newer, the location is very far away from disneyland. unlike the pictures, the hotel itself is rather small, with an tiny outdoor pool that is surrounded by the parking lot. the staff is present at best, and any questions or concerns are quickly passed on and not adequately resolved. i was under the impression that this sheraton was the other hotel that was indeed closer to disneyland, only to my dismay that this hotel is actually closer to an old liquor store and food stall. the rooms were really cramped and were not the cleanest for being such a newly built hotel.'
p196
aS'id-1070\tbeautiful, amazing, spectacular setting. i loved the workers, the food, and the quietness i was being provided. it seem like i was really on vacation rather than on a business trip. one of the best hotels in the city i been to thus far. five out of five for me.'
p197
aS'id-0925\trecently my fiance and i stayed at the oceana in santa barbara. the hotel room was small, over priced and offered precious few amenities. most troubling, however was the decor and furnishing which were old and dated. my fiance complained that the furniture was so old tha she was convinced it was dirty. she believes wicker furniture belongs outdoors and acts as a strong dust magnet. we will not return to this hotel.'
p198
aS"id-1236\ti stayed at the san bernardino hilton located on 1755 s waterman ave, san bernardino, california and received the best service out of all the hotels i've been to. i had a single room that was equipped with 1 king size bed that included 250 thread count linens non allergenic feather pillows a 32 inch lcd flat screen panel tv with all of the good movie channels. i slept like a baby in the huge king bed until 12pm and had the up most comfort with the light and sound blocking curtains. room service was great and courteous very well-mannered professional people even during a dispute with another customer, they still maintained their level and handled difficult situations with ease. their 24 hour pavillion market was awesome and convienant, i was able to purchase items i forgot to pack along with a few grocery items when i didn't feel like having room service, which was not often since the food was so delicious, especially breakfast."
p199
aS"id-0865\tthis was by far one of the most overpriced day's inn hotels i've ever stayed in. the rooms are dark and dingy, and it has a very old smell to the whole place. the pool was tiny, so don't come here if you really look forward to a good swim! we stayed here for a few days during a move, and were very happy to leave when it was time."
p200
aS'id-1090\tthe holiday inn express in pueblo, co was a great experience. the staff was friendly and accomadating. they served breakfast longer then usually due to the large amount of people at the hotel that weekend. the breakfast was free, delicious, and hot. the staff never allowed the food to run out. also, it has a 24 hour gym, warm indoor pool, and a hot tub. the beds were like heaven. the pillows were amazing. i have never had that good of a nights rest in a hotel before. you will never be able to find a better staff thean the staff at the holiday inn express.'
p201
aS'id-1260\ti recently spent 2 nights at club quarters in philadelphia. not only is it conveniently located to the historic sights, shopping and great options for meals, the staff were super friendly and the room was very comfortable. i was not sure how to use the computer to check-in, but someone came and guided me through. she even offered me a cup of coffee and some fresh warm cookies. one thing i really liked was the refillable and reusable water bottles that can be filled with filtered water. what a perfect thing to have for sight-seeing. after check out i had several hours before my bus was to depart, and they were very accommodating and stored my luggage for me. i will definitely return to club quarters.'
p202
aS"id-0891\tnot recommended. the elevators are slow, the rooms are small and the staff is very rude. my wife called the front desk and asked for fresh towels to be brought up to our room. the clerk told her that he was busy but she could go downstairs and get them herself. she asked to speak with a manager and was told there wasn't one. terrible customer service!"
p203
aS'id-1250\tthe hotel was amazing! the rooms were so big and comfy. we brought our dog with us and the welcomed her that was a huge plus for us. we also forgot a playpen for our son so we called the front desk and they brought one right up! everything was perfect.'
p204
aS'id-1240\twe stayed two nights here just recently & found the place itself a great location. yes, the room is small but it did not bother us as we were hardly in the room. we had a king suite. it was called that because it had a mini sauna in the room. the room was clean & had a simple decor.   do ask for a room at the back of the motel. it will be quieter than the front as you can hear the traffic from lombard.   wifi was a strong signal & had no problems connecting right up.  parking is first come, first serve & there is not much for the size of the place. we came in late on friday & found the last spot available & just decided to ride muni for our entire visit. it was very convenient to catch, as there was the buses that ran on lombard, chestnut & union street.  when we checked in friday, the clerk was nice. checking out, another guy was very rude when we asked to leave our car a few ours, which we would have had it moved before others would be checking in & the parking lot was empty. aside from that, we did not have any interaction with the front desk staff.   i would definitely stay here again as i found the rooms clean & loved the proximity to everything plus it was a reasonable price compared to other places in the area.'
p205
aS'id-1040\tthe grand hyatt new york is conveniently located in midtown manhattan. this is an ideal for the business traveler, as they provide wi-fi, a 24-hour business center, and a spacious work area in the hotel rooms themselves. they also have ample meeting space and offer catering for meetings. ample modern audio visual equipment is supplied so there is no need to bring any along. for those who have traveled to midtown for work, it is a very short jaunt to just about any midtown office building. cabs are readily available in inclement weather or if you have a heavy load to carry. the hotel concierge can arrange car service as well. the hotel is very gracious about honoring special requests, such as early check-in, late check-out and high floors/quiet rooms and rooms away from the elevators. i have stayed in many business hotels in new york and the grand hyatt new york exceeds them all.'
p206
aS"id-0995\tmy wife and i stayed at the hotel vintage plaza for the first night of our honeymoon, before we traveled the next day. while the hotel itself was beautiful, most of the staff friendly, and the amenities pretty spectacular, one event marred our stay and has left us completely unwilling to ever stay in this facility again. the day we checked out, we realized that we had forgotten one of the cards we received from family on the desk. we called the front desk just before we left town, and they said they'd have housekeeping check for the card and bring it to the front desk.   a week later, when we returned, we called the hotel, and they advised us they had found the card. we stopped in on the way home, and i went to the front desk. they handed me the card, and i was shocked to find that the envelope had been opened! i immediately asked to speak to the manager on duty, and when i pointed out to him that someone on his staff had opened our envelope, we were rebuffed stating that, no one on his staff would ever do that. i knew i wouldn't get any further with him, so i left. i did write a letter to the general manager, which also was rebuffed with the statement that, no one on their staff would have opened the envelope, you must have done it.   needless to say, we will never return to this hotel, and will never recommend it to any of our friends."
p207
aS'id-1214\tthis hotel is very clean. rooms were very nice in size. cookies at the front desk just waiting for your enjoyment and pleasure. the hotel provides elevator service with luggage carts for your convience. they have a wonderful hot tub and pool to cool off after a hot day here. this hotel has a laundry facility as well. it is no wonder why people return here year after year. the service here is very warm and down to home. comfort awaites you here in the country.'
p208
aS"id-1038\tthe aquarius hotel and resort in laughlin nevada is like being in las vegas. it is easily the best hotel on the strip. the ammenities alone make the aquarius my preferred hotel. they offer an adult tower, which we always request. the beds are unbeleivably comfortable, which is exactly what we need after spending 4 nights camping on the river. the showers offer the perfect water pressure and lots of hot, hot water. the rooms are large, the views great. besides the ammentities, the buffet is also the best on the strip, with the best salad bar, and the choicest selections, not to mention free drinks. definately not the hospital-type food other laughlin hotel buffets offer. and, the casino itself is the best - funnest slots, good payouts, roomy with good ventilation and lighting. but my favorite part of the aquarius is their club card. every month i get two free nights (weekends included) plus free tickets to concerts or other laughlin events! it's almost like a free mini-vacation every month! love you aquarius!!"
p209
aS'id-1068\tthe la quinta inn in brownsville, texas was conveniently located right off highway 77. it was a fifteen minute drive to south padre island from the hotel which was a great trade off considering hotels on the island are at least three times as much a night. we had a large room with a king sized bed that included a microwave and a small fridge. the bathroom was large and bright with an extended curtain rod for the bathtub, which felt like a luxury. the maid came in everyday to fix the room and always left us new towels and soap. the desk clerk was informative and helpful.'
p210
aS"id-0863\ti really didn't like spending the night at this hotel. the area it was located in was sketchy and i didn't feel safe at all. the inside was relatively clean and the staff were nice enough. the continental breakfast was really gross though."
p211
aS"id-0815\ti have stayed at the luxor before but it was many years ago when it first opened. i liked it much better then because now when i stayed there it seems like everything has gone downhill. the upkeep seems poor and it felt like their rooms have been downgraded rather than upgraded. i now understand why the room was so cheap. the worst part of my whole stay was the bed in our room. it was like sleeping on wooden boards. the bedding material was slim. there was only one sheet between us and the mattress and there wasn't even a box spring under the mattress. then there was a sheet and our blanket. after a night of drinking i assumed going to bed and passing out would be the easiest thing to do. not even close because it was the worst sleep i have ever experienced while staying in vegas. not only was the bed horrible but the entertainment and decor on the inside is dull. there doesn't seem to be much to do inside the luxor. however, the location on the strip and easy access to adjoining hotels makes it easy to find entertainment elsewhere. i have no problem paying an extra $20 per night to stay at another place on the strip where i can get a good night's rest."
p212
aS'id-1086\twe decided to have late evening cocktails and dessert at the living room in the peninsula, after a nice evening out. service as always was excellent as is the ambience.'
p213
aS'id-0943\ti stayed at the holiday inn in rosslyn, and it was gross. my room smelled bad and was very dark. the wallpaper is peeling, the bathroom was dirty, and i had trouble sleeping because my bed was so uncomfortable. elevators take forever, the place needs to be modernized, and the hotel staff is not particularly friendly.'
p214
aS'id-1158\twe recently stayed at the oceanfront hilton in virginia beach and enjoyed our stay very much. we were warmly greeted by the staff at the front desk and completed our checkin very promptly. we requested a standard room but ended up getting an oceanview room at no extra charge. the room was very clean and the beds were comfortable. the decor of the room was new and pleasing. the view was outstanding from the 8th floor and the hotel was located in a great spot which was close to activities and restaurants. the staff was very polite and willing to help us with anything we needed. they had a restaurant on the first floor that served some amazing sea food dishes and had a large selection of beer and other drinks. overall i would recommend this hotel to anyone. we were very surprised with the value of this hotel and will be staying here again on our next vacation.'
p215
aS'id-0797\tmy children and i stayed at this hotel in new orleans in january, 2012. when we arrived at the hotel, we had to wait for over 15 minutes for someone to acknowledge us at the front desk. once we finally got the key and made it to our room, the room was dirty. there was even a dirty town in the floor from the previous guest. i called the front desk to complain, however, no one showed up to clean until the next day. there is supposed to be a perk at this hotel where they have free hot snacks in the evening. they were anything but hot. it was basically room temp chicken nuggets and hot dogs. find another hotel if you expect to have an enjoyable stay. this one was total disappointment.'
p216
asS'F'
p217
(lp218
S"id-1179\tthe price of the stay is no where near the crappy service given to the customers. i couldn't find a decent informant throughout my entire stay. i wouldn't recommend this hotel. the purpose of a hotel is to make your trip comfortable- so you don't end up sleeping in a dump- and while this is no dump, it is not what you would expect from a marriott hotel! i was overcharged for everything! the mattresses were uncomfortable and wi-fi was not free [come on, what hotel doesn't have free wi-fi?]. i would suggest that you look elsewhere if you're planning a trip to washington!"
p219
aS'id-0968\tthe crowne plaza near the pittsburgh, pa airport met our expectations. the room was decent in size, we felt secure there, and the hotel included a pool area, restaurant, and sports bar. tv station selection was good, and the staff was friendly and helpful.'
p220
aS'id-1261\tone word: overpriced. the most beautiful parts of the hotel were only in the pictures. they did not show the small, cramped and dirty rooms or the disgusting hallways. the staff barely spoke english and i often had an impossibly hard time discussing what i wanted to these people. pool bar and other hotel food was very poor and also got a bad resteraunt review from the consierge.'
p221
aS'id-0950\tgreat hotel  when me and my husband first walked in the hotel we were greeted and immediately serviced. even with the cheap prices, the rooms very clean and it was a great place to stay. the free continental breakfast was very good and the servicing of the hotel was amazing. two thumbs up and i would recommend this place to anyone!'
p222
aS"id-0910\ti arrived at terranea in need of relaxation. the property was just as beautiful as it was in the pictures. the front desk staff was very attentive and offered us champagne while we waited. my room had an amazing view and i barely wanted to leave it. there were several restaurants to choose from so we tried one each for lunch and dinner during our stay and every meal was delicious. the pools were heated and i stayed as long as i could at night. the weekend was perfect and i seriously can't wait to return!"
p223
aS"id-0908\twhen my husband and i arrived at the st. louis super 8 we were so relieved to find a safe place to stay with our dogs. the manager was very accommodating and showed us to a clean room in a newly remodeled wing of the motel. we had a great night's sleep knowing our dogs were safe with us."
p224
aS'id-0876\tthis hotel was super affordable and even had a pool, which was great. the bed was very comfortable and i slept really well on it. the tv also worked great and had a ton of channels. the hotel is in a great area with lots of places to eat nearby. i would definitely stay there again!'
p225
aS"id-1145\tthe xv beacon is an overrated full of itself hotel in snobby in the beacon hill neighborhood ofboston. the rooms are atrociously small and really only suited for one guest. when traveling with a companion it is a very cramped stay. the hotel has seen better days. there are chips in the furniture and worn carpets in the halls. many of the rooms look directly into office buildings and the window shades therefore are pulled up from the bottom rather than down from the top for privacy. this means that light only comes in from the top of the windows and gives the rooms a cave like feeling. one of the worst things about the hotel is the location. there is nothing in the immediate area as it's mostly residential. going out at night requires a drive to get anywhere and the valet parking service is slow. there are much better choices of hotels in boston that provide spacious rooms and n ideal location."
p226
aS'id-1012\tthis hotel is located in the heart of the city, right off the exit. in walking distance to new shops and stores. a waffle house restaurant is attached to hotel that is open 24/7. also a 24 hour gas station. rooms come equipped with refrigerator and microwave.'
p227
aS'id-1010\tthe room we reserved was as described on the website. all the listed amentities were included. the furnishings were comfortable, updated and in good condition. the beds were comfortable and the linens luxurious. the hotel was in a prime location for local attractions and appeared to be safe. the location was quiet and quaint. the concierge was very helpful with any questions we had and the hotel staff was friendly.'
p228
aS"id-0828\texciting, one-stop resort for the perfect vacation!  our weekend getaway at the hilton hawaiian village was fantastic! our room was beautiful and we met so many nice people also on vacation.   the hilton hawaiian village is a shoppers dream! the first day i shopped 'til i dropped while the boys checked out the famous diamond head beach close by. hilton hawaiian village has it all--bars, lounges, a spa, tons of shopping, convenience stores, restaurants, pools, and so much more! we never even had to travel more than 5 minutes!"
p229
aS'id-1221\ti recently visited las vegas for work function and stayed at the flamingo hotel and was extremely underwhelmed with my experience. my first negative for the hotel was experienced as soon as i walked in the door! the smoke smell was overwhelming and it was very obvious that this hotel is quite old. i went on to check in and stood in line for twenty minutes only to be told that my room was not ready! this would be understandable if i had arrived prior to check in time, but i arrived at 7:00 pm! i was extremely upset and told that there was nothing they could do! i was forced to meander around the casino for another forty-five minutes until my room was ready.  after getting to my room, i was even more upset! it did not appear to have been very well kept. there were stains on the carpets, hair on the bathroom floor, and it smelled very musky. i asked for a non-smoking room but it was very obvious that this room had been smoked in. i called the front desk to complain and was told that they could try to get me in a different room tomorrow, but that there were no other room available tonight. since i was forced to stay in this room at least for the night, i decided to head down to get some food. i ate at margaritaville and was not pleased with the loud music and the repetitive show that i had to endure while there. the food was ok, but seemed to be overpriced for what i got.  i made the best of my night and was told the next day that they would not be able to relocate me to a better room. i still had plans of being in vegas for another 3 nights and did not want to deal with this stench! i decided to go across the street to caesars palace and got right in to an updated, smoke free room. i do not plan to ever return to the flamingo las vegas. you get what you pay for at this hotel. low price, low class.'
p230
aS'id-0900\tthe hotel is not as tidy as it should be but it has changed since the last time i have been there because i had so many more negative comments about this specific hotel.'
p231
aS"id-1219\twe stayed at the cannery pier hotel a few months ago, and i have to say, we were sorely disappointed... after all the reviews we'd read online, all the beautiful pictures, we may just have gotten our hopes up too high, but it really wasn't what we were expecting.  admittedly, it's a cute, kind of quaint little hotel. it looks beautiful, sitting out on an old pier over the columbia river. unfortunately, after seeing the condition of the pilings for the old piers immediately adjacent to the hotel, we had to hope that our room was on a high enough floor to stay above water if some kind of disaster struck.  we stayed in one of the one bedroom suites, and while it was a very nice room, i would have thought that for how much they charged it'd be a little bigger at least. it wasn't cramped, but definitely smaller than we expected. and as much as i hate to nitpick, the mattress on the bed felt cheap, with springs that turned into nothing but pressure points when you climbed into the bed.   the jetted tub was a nice touch, and was certainly cozy. but a window directly adjacent to the tub left it a little lacking in privacy, especially since there was another hotel that directly faced the corner our room was on, and it took us a bit of fiddling to figure out how to raise the privacy blinds (yes, it came *up* from the windowsill) in order to really be able to relax and not worry that someone in the hotel across the way had a pair of binoculars pointed our way.  while some people may enjoy the complimentary wine and lox they serve in the evenings, someone like me who has a severe seafood allergy has to avoid the whole lobby area during that time because coming into any contact with fish (of any kind) will end up sending me to the hospital.   many people i've talked to simply raved about how cool it was that they had these old towncars to chauffeur you to your restaurant for dinner. well, the one time we took a ride in the buick they had there, we both developed such horrible headaches from the exhaust fumes from some kind of leak (seriously, don't they know that carbon monoxide is toxic???) that we had to ride the whole way there with the windows rolled down. in the summer that may not be such a bad thing, but in the winter, when it's raining? thankfully our restaurant was very near the hotel, but by the time we got there, we were both freezing. we didn't take the towncar back, but rather called for a taxi. imagine that, we were warm and dry and didn't get a headache!  overall, it's a very cute hotel, and they're definitely trying, but there's definitely room for improvement."
p232
aS"id-0798\tthis is a beautiful hotel. the high ceilings and ambiance make you feel welcome as soon as you arrive. the front desk is friendly and greet you with a smile on their face. the room was nicely sized and had 2 tv's - one in the bedroom and one in the open area. the bathroom had a nice jacuzzi tub and this is just what i needed after a long and fun day of walking around new orleans. the free evening snacks were also a nice surprise! it even came with free soda! we took a plate up to our room and watched a movie. the free breakfast was also excellent. both of my children made waffles in the waffle maker, which they were very excited about. it was great to start the day off with a nice fresh meal. we will definitely be staying here again."
p233
aS"id-1175\tafter staying at other similar resorts, i have found this hotel to be quite disappointing. booking a room was a hassle, not to mention dealing with the hotel security. when i arrived at the hotel, i was informed that there were no rooms available! i was outrageous and furious, especially since i had booked two weeks in advanced. i had to wait 4 hours until the cleaning staff finished a room i didn't even ask for. even worse, i walk into my hotel room and discover the smell of cigarettes! i have severe asthma and i could not tolerate the stench. even though this room was a designated non-smoking room, the hotel staff refused to switch my room or refund my money. never again will i come here again!"
p234
aS'id-1034\tpalm grove hotel is a family hotel which offers affordable ocean front luxury in the heart of virginia beach. we are minutes away from golf, tennis and shopping. or you can stay right here for an afternoon of fun. whether you want to walk out of your hotel room onto the white sands of the beach, or relax in our private pool, we are your virginia beach destination for relaxation and fun. come let our friendly staff help you enjoy your next virginia beach getaway.'
p235
aS'id-1014\tthis hotel was very accomodating for my needs. it had easy access and was in an area of high volume so it was not difficult to find places to eat meals. each room offered a binder of different things to do around the area so that was very helpful. also, there were no issues with items we needed and the noise level. it was a very quiet place to stay.'
p236
aS"id-1161\tthe inn at northrup station is a tiny, hole in the wall hotel that leaves a lot to be desired. the hotel decorations were wild to say the least. if you are anything like elton john in the 70's, this is right up your alley. the rooms are a little overpriced for what they actually offer. the service is slow, i assume because of the small size of the hotel, and in turn, the staff."
p237
aS'id-1085\tafternoon tea at the peninsula was a fabulous experience. the service was everything you would expect from a 5-star hotel, the sweet and savory little treats were exquisite and the caramel pear tea was flavorful and perfectly soothing. loved every moment of it!  the belvedere restaurant was also perfect in every way! i dined at this restaurant for my birthday. the surroundings: opulent, the food: top quality, and most of all the staff made me feel very special.'
p238
aS'id-1024\tthis motel was located right across from the beach, and was extremely clean and was well kept up. the newer building was extremely nice and was a very good deal for a beachfront motel. this motel provided me with all i needed from a motel and i enjoyed my stay a lot.'
p239
aS'id-0974\tthis hotel is conveniently located in the heart of downtown san francisco. it is located withing walking distance to major attractions. all rooms are designed in a contemporary style that will suit the highest tastes.'
p240
aS'id-0956\ti arrived to a very friendly staff and a surprisingly spacious and clean room. the location was very convenient, only a short drive to downtown and the awesome south congress night life. the rooms have all your standard amenities and free wifi!!!  i took advantage of the free continental breakfast every morning and saved some $$$. the cost of this hotel was better than any in town, and i am a very happy customer.   i would strongly recommend this hotel and will be staying here again! thanks days inn!'
p241
aS'id-0840\twe checked in to the doubletree suites in melbourne fl 3 days after christmas and our stay was wonderful. we were greeted at the front desk with warm chocolate chip cookies fresh out of the oven. the room was clean and comfortable and the king sized bed was a real treat. it was also nice that they kept the holiday music playing in the lobby and at the pool throughout our stay even though christmas had passed. the pool was heated, the beach was beautiful. we found the staff to be friendly and open to our requests. i would recommend this hotel for anyone who wanted to vacation at an upscale hotel.'
p242
aS"id-1061\tevery time the ac kicked on in my room there was a loud high-pitched whine. it was very distracting and i could not sleep. i called the front desk and they said they'd have someone check on it shortly. an hour later, no one had been to my room. i called again and they told me that there was no one from maintenance available until the morning. i didn't sleep but after some investigation, i determined the high-pitched noise was caused by the adjoining room doors. i opened mine to stop the suction being caused by the ac but didn't sleep soundly since i felt unsafe with the door being opened not knowing who was on the other side of the door. i came back next evening to find the door closed but the problem had not been resolved. i called the front desk and was told that maintance could find no problem. i asked to be moved but was told there were no available rooms. i explained the fix for the problem and they suggested i again leave my door open. i will not stay at this hotel again nor recommend to friends."
p243
aS"id-0834\tmy family's recent vacation stay at the hampton inn and suites in modesto, california was absolutely wonderful! the rooms were updated, well kept, and extremely clean. not to mention, the pillow-top beds are the most comfortable we have ever slept in! as a matter of fact, i asked the gal at the front desk to supply the manufacturer of the beds so we can order one for our own home! the continental breakfast each morning was plentiful, varied, and delicious! from waffles and biscuits and gravy to fresh fruit and pastries, my family had a more than sufficient meal to start each day out right. we always stay at hampton inn's because of the great quality and reputation they offer. we cannot wait to come back!"
p244
aS'id-0922\tthe dillon inn is a great place to stay if you want inexpensive lodging near the mountains. we are 15 to 30 minutes away from breckenridge, keystone, and arapahoe basin. vail is only about 45 minutes away. the hotel has nice rooms, hot tub accessibility, and a shuttle to keystone in the morning.'
p245
aS'id-1233\tthe kalahari resort was not a very good vacation. i was disappointed with the cheesy decor and the mediocre rooms. the water park was exciting, but it was too crowded to have any fun. the food was sub par for the price that they were asking. if i had to do it again, i would stay in a less expensive hotel in the dells.'
p246
aS'id-1093\toxnard inn looks like a prostitute hotel. the linen are old and rugged and the front desk staff does not have a clear sign of check in and check out posted. if there is any problem, the staff will argue with you before they listen to the problem and try to work it out. if you stay too long, the people in the town wonder if you are a prostitute because of your shabby housing. i was just looking for a good hotel deal.'
p247
aS"id-0862\ti was so happy to drive up to the hampton inn in manhattan, kansas after a long drive from conway, arkansas! the parking lot and lobby entrance were well-lit and clean, and the staff member that checked me was incredibly helpful. he went above and beyond to accommodate my many requests (allergies = no down-filled pillows!), which i very much appreciated. my room was conveniently located on the first floor, where i had easy access to their gym and pool, and i was only steps away from the complimentary coffee and tea station! the room was cozy and charmingly decorated, which made me feel right at home. the free continental breakfast was fantastic, and included many healthy options as well as more traditional breakfast choices. i didn't travel with kids, but i can imagine that this hotel would be a good choice for parents because the pool was indoor and heated, and the dining area contained 2 large flat screen televisions with access to the remote! i definitely recommend this hotel to anyone wishing to visit the manhattan, ks area. go cats!"
p248
aS'id-0850\tthe circus circus hotel in reno, nevada is an amazing hotel that i would recommend to anyone. the rates are great and the slots are loose. they have amazing deals, especially if you are willing to go during the week instead of the weekend. there are multiple restaurants to choose from, so any appetite can be satisfied. there is a ton of parking and it is right in the middle of everything you could possibly want to do in reno. also, there is a cabellas not too far away for something fun to do during the day after a long night of winning at gambling!'
p249
aS"id-1181\tworst. hotel. ever. the staff were really rude and nasty. my room had stained sheets and there were no towels. i had to ask the manager three times for towels and an extra blanket. to make matters worse the television would not turn on and the microwave looked like it was one of the very first models ever made. then in the middle of the night i was awakened by the couple next door, who were shouting at each other. i'm glad, though, because a very large cockroach was crawling over the blanket."
p250
aS"id-1111\ti think my overall stay at great wolf lodge was terrible, the food was very overpriced. the arcade was very overpriced. the water slides weren't very impressive, compared the the wilderness lodge in wisconsin dells, which has 5 water parks. the lines were all too long, i spent most of the day in line. there are always obnoxious drunk people crowding the hot tub and poorly supervising their children. the life guards seemed to be on their phones most of the time and not really paying attention to any of the kids. there is always nasty things floating in the wave pool. my experience was terrible and i will never go back."
p251
aS'id-1032\ti chose this place because it seemed economical. the room was clean, internet and tv were okay. for the money, it was a good decision. the location was nice because it was close to shopping and restaurants. i would recommend it.'
p252
aS'id-0918\tsuper 8 really is a super hotel. the last time i was there, service was quick, responsive and was an overall joy to be around. anything i needed (examples: a spare cot, some towels, etc.) they had brought to my room within a minute. the facilities themselves were fantastic and were five star quality. a fantastic hotel chain that really has the customer in mind.'
p253
aS'id-0878\ti just adored staying in this hotel. i inquired at the front desk, and the helpful employee told me that the structure was only six years old. you can tell! everything is so new and well-kept-up-with. there is even a fabulous restaurant downstairs! we were so glad to see that we would not have to eat the typical continental breakfast in the morning, but would instead get a nice hot meal. they were even upgrading the indoor pool when we visited with a water feature, so we will be sure to visit again to check on its progress!'
p254
aS"id-1043\tthe southernmost hotel in key west was a true disappointment. we reserved an ocean-view room. when we got there, the only room they had available was one overlooking the parking lot. the linens were dirty. the pool was closed the entire time for maintenance. the staff couldn't have been ruder - not only did they ignore us for almost 30 minutes upon arrival but they refused to compensate us at all for the huge downgrade of our room."
p255
aS"id-1239\tworst place i've ever stayed. we booked the room a few days prior to arrival but when we got there to check in they had given our room to someone else. they then said they were going to upgrade our room. the upgraded room was on the bottom floor with a car parked right in front of the door and we could barely get in the door. but even worse, the room had not been cleaned. there was trash and food everywhere and the bed was a mess.  they didn't even offer a discount or anything when we complained and asked for a clean room.   the walls are paper thin. you can hear everything in the next room and the noise from the shops on the other side."
p256
aS'id-1119\twe had to stay at the oread for a work conference. i have to say that i felt like i was staying in a dungeon. it was dark and scary in some of those hallways. the staff that checked us in did not seem to care about doing a good job, they did not point us in the right direction to find our rooms, so we wandered around the dark hotel aimlessly, accidentally walking in on meetings and special meals that other guests were having. when we finally made it up to the room, there was still a dirty towel from the previous people who stayed laying on the bathroom floor, so i am sure the place had not be cleaned well. i would not stay here again.'
p257
aS'id-0960\twe had a wonderful time at the luxor hotel and casino during a recent trip to las vegas. the rooms were large, clean, and newly remodeled. huge tub and shower! we had an excellent view of the strip. service was prompt and courteous, they made us feel at home. the food at the restaurants and buffets was delicious and fairly priced. we would definitely recommend the hotel to friends and family.'
p258
aS'id-0820\twe got stuck in orlando florida and the airline put us up in a best western. by the time we got to the hotel it was 2am, we were tired and cranky, but the receptionist made us feel welcome and got us checked in and in our room very quickly. the room was pleasant, clean and we got a great night sleep. because we had a late check out we were able to sleep in, get ready for the rest of our trip without rush and then head on down for something to eat.'
p259
aS'id-1035\tthe westin in st. louis is located in the center of st. louis. the hotel was dingy and you can easily get lost in the hotel. the halls are a maze. the rooms were ugly and dirty.'
p260
aS'id-1151\tthe w hotel in san francisco is seen as a posh and trendy hotel, but it does have its drawbacks. the price of the hotel is highly expensive and can be unfordable to the average travelers. the hallways are dark and unusual. some people might refer to it as art but many people think of it as unusual and strange. due to the location downtown, parking is very expensive and the one way streets of san francisco can be horrendous for the new visitor. the w hotel does boast of an indoor pool, but it is rather small and only holds depths of up to 6 ft. if your looking to visit san francisco there are many other great alternatives to stay at.'
p261
aS'id-0930\tmy first thoughts upon arrival of this hotel were very pleasing; the exterior was beautiful, and it was very calm. the hotel lobby was also very inviting, and i was greeted with welcoming messages from the staff. when i went to my room, everything there was neat and clean, unlike many hotels i have visited. you can certainly tell that the maids are hard-working. everything ran smoothly with this visit; the booking process on their website was extremely easy, and check-out went quickly. all in all, i can say that this was an enjoyable experience, and i will be visiting again the next time i come to stay in the area. thanks!'
p262
aS'id-0916\tamazing! wonderful service and clean rooms. the clerk was very friendly and made our stay very pleasant. the breakfast was also great. it seemed like eating homemade breakfast my mom used to make every morning. very warm and inviting. i plan on coming again next year!'
p263
aS'id-0990\taston waikiki circle is a perfect location for a great hawaiian vacation. walking into the underwater themed lobby, you are welcomed with aloha from the great staff. the panoramic view from the penthouse balcony, is a perfect setting for watching the sunset and romantic dinners. located in waikiki beach, it is walking distance to the best restaurants and clubs oahu has to offer. steps from the sand, it is an excellent place to unwind and relax or surf in the warm waters of hawaii.'
p264
aS"id-0848\twhile in san francisco this last month a friend and i stayed at the argonaut on fisherman's wharf. the hotel was absolutely spectacular from the helpful and attentive hotel staff to the wonderful rooms and amenities. the hotel restaurant, the blue mermaid, was a real treat. the food was so delicious and reasonably priced too. my friend and i had so much fun on our trip and so much of it was because of the hotel and its lovely staff. i would definitely recommend it to all of my friends and family!"
p265
aS'id-1155\tdo not stay at this hotel. it was disgusting. the rooms were filthy. we actually found hairs on our bedsheets and the tub had a ring around it that was overlooked by housekeeping. we were not able to park anywhere near our room and had to carry luggage quite far. we had hoped to be able to spend time on the beach but there was a surfing competition on the beach directly outside the hotel and we ended up hundreds of yards down the beach. it was very difficult with small children. because the rooms have kitchenettes we had hoped to eat a meal or two in our room daily but the layout of the kitchen was not at all functional. the internet service was extremely slow when we were able to get on at all. we will not be back.'
p266
aS'id-1039\ti was attending a convention in midtown new york and decided to book my stay at the grand hyatt new york due to other positive experiences i have had at hyatt hotels. sadly, this hotel was a huge disappointment. upon entering the lobby, there is a fountain which is not well maintained and the water has a musty, damp smell which not only permeated the lobby but it aggravated me allergies as well. the accommodations were nice, but the service was terrible. at check-in, i requested a wake up call for the next morning which i never received. i ordered room service breakfast which took almost an hour to arrive and the food was cold. they offered to send up another breakfast but i did not have another hour to wait, so i sent it back. at check-out, the line was incredibly long and moved very slowly. when it was finally my turn, i noticed the breakfast charge on my bill and the cashier did not have the authority to remove it. i asked to speak to a manager, but after 15 minutes she had not arrived and i had a flight to catch, so i just ended up paying for the breakfast i never ate. in the future if i go to new york for business, i will definitely be staying at a small, boutique-style hotel that provides excellent customer service versus an old, out of date hotel like this one.'
p267
aS'id-1215\ti am not impressed with this hotel. the location is terrible; it was loud all night because it is right off of a main street. there was no wireless internet in the rooms; you have to walk down to the lobby. the price is too high. the room was of average quality, i do not feel that i should pay $100 a night for an average room. at that price i expect something more. there were not many tv channels which made killing time in this small town after business hours a drag.'
p268
aS'id-0962\tthe location and free shuttle to the airport were incredibly convenient. the staff were knowledgeable of the area and very helpful to give me discounted tickets to events happening in san francisco. the kids enjoyed the heated pool, while i enjoyed the free wi-fi throughout the hotel. the 24-hour on-site restaurant offers delicious meals for anytime of day.'
p269
aS'id-0892\twhat a great place to stay! room sizes are just right and the freeway is right next door. to top it off the staff is so friendly and helpful.'
p270
aS'id-0854\ti love the convenience of this hotel. it is right off the highway and very affordable. i have never had any problem securing a room.'
p271
aS"id-0976\tthe location of the marriott on queensway drive in long beach is all around excellent. it is conveniently located near the queen mary, the luxurious beaches, and the convention center. the hotel is located on the water front making for a spectacular view. after you're done with work or play there are many dinning and shopping venues close by. this place is great when you are visiting down town long beach!"
p272
aS"id-1241\tsometimes you can really tell when a hotel is trying too hard, but not being very smart about it. the luxor has great ideas, but that's really all they are. there was a lot of surface flash in the design. however, when it came to actually providing a comfortable experience it failed. in particular, building a hotel at an angle is just not a very good idea. i kept getting vertigo every time i looked out the window or used the elevator."
p273
aS"id-1135\ti am very disappointed with the centennial. first off, it is way too expensive compared to other hotels in the area, and you could get a room for so much cheaper with chain hotels nearby. the rooms were comparable to a middle-of-the-line hotel chain rooms, and weren't even that roomy! the attendants didn't even take a second glance at us, and overall, i would much rather stay at a different hotel with comparable service and much cheaper rates than at the centennial."
p274
aS"id-1069\tdid not like the food and the noise level around my room. i also did not like the room service, which got my order wrong twice. in addition i didn't get any treats after my check out. did not experience the night life of being in nyc because my hotel room was hard to find, due to millions of people going in and out of the hotel. i give it a 3 out of 5."
p275
aS'id-0972\tthis place may boast of vintage quality, but with rooms as small as these, one might as well rest in their vehicles to have a more comfortable time. some of the rooms boast antique tubs alone. however, there is no shower option for these rooms, since only select baths have had them installed.   while the attempt to maintain a victorian setting is quaint, some of the quality was threadbare and tattered. a broken window and blinds that hardly kept the light from bedrooms make for a night of restlessness that was amplified by an odd banging on the pipes throughout the hours.  this place is far too overpriced for what they boast, and the lack of amenities one might fight at a higher quality hotel makes for a waste of time and money.'
p276
aS"id-1125\tmy stay at the embassy suites hotel in minneapolis, mn was not an enjoyable experience. the hotel bills itself as a fancy, upscale place to stay in the twin cities, but in my experience it is anything but.   there is not free wireless provided by the hotel--to use the wireless you must either pay the hotel or be an at&t customer. in this day and age where you can practically walk down the street and find a wireless signal, this is unacceptable.   upon entering my room i found crumbs on the floor; clearly housekeeping had either not been there or not done a very complete job. again, i expect better.   the hotel boasts about it's manager's reception at night and a cooked to order breakfast in the morning, but both of these were disappointing. the manager's reception featured some stale popcorn and ho-hum drinks, while i cannot speak as to the quality of the breakfast, as the line to participate in it stretched more than 25 people long. i was not willing to wait a half an hour of more to get my breakfast, as i had to leave far before that time.   overall, the embassy suites was a disappointing experience. for the money i paid, i expected--and deserved--far better."
p277
aS"id-1243\ti received a discount coupon from one of my friend and when i went to the hotel they said it's not legitimate coupon. i was very shocked by that since it was from legitimate source. anyway, we decided to pay the full price since hotel looked good and i had heard good things about it. as soon as i entered the room there were stains on the carpet and bedsheet wasn't changed from last customers who stayed in the room. called the staff to report it but no one picked up the call. i would never visit it again."
p278
aS'id-0870\twe stayed at the days in on 39th in brooklyn for about 5 days in december. my daughter needed to find a place to live and register for school. this was the cheapest hotel we could find in brooklyn. we thought it would be really bad but it was actually clean and pleasant. the staff were very helpful when we needed to get a cab. there was a free buffet breakfast. it was edible and the coffee was great. for the money i give it five stars.'
p279
aS"id-1273\tthis hotel is clean, but it is so huge that you feel like it takes forever to get from one place to the next. they need more elevators. the pool area is very loud and full of kids. do not stay here if you plan on relaxing, it won't happen! i will never stay here again."
p280
aS'id-0874\tthe la quinta hotel in ft. lauderdale fl is a great place to stay when your in ft. lauderdale! they are within driving distance to most attractions and right in the middle of ft. lauderdale. resteraunt on site can bring you food as early or as late as you wish. updated rooms and a nice pool to enjoy as well. staff was friendly and helpful as well. i would definetly recommend the la quinta in ft. lauderdale for your next stay at a hotel.'
p281
aS"id-0942\tall i can say is wow, what a great hotel! i had to pick a place to stay overnight and i picked to stay at this super8 that i had just passed on my drive through pa. i checked in and was immediately greeted with smiling faces, and the consierge took my bag to my room and didn't even want a tip! the breakfast the next morning was amazing, and the view was great! i'm going to recommend this hotel to all of my friends."
p282
aS"id-1002\tthe place was really nice, it was pretty inexpensive so i assumed it wouldn't be all that great but the rooms were clean and the staff was very helpful. if we go back to san diego i will definitely use the same holiday inn express."
p283
aS"id-1051\ti made a reservation at the key west marriott beachside hotel, thinking it would be in the main part of key west - but it wasn't. it wasn't even within walking distance, which made me feel like i was out of the main vibe of the city. the rooms were kinda sterile and way overpriced for what you get. the restaurant was good, but it was also very pricey. the drinks at the outdoor bar were watered down and also expensive. the private beach was tiny and barely had room to spread out a towel and lay on the sand. they had boat rentals right there, but we had to pay a fortune for renting them just for an hour. the service was okay, but not worth the price of the whole stay."
p284
aS'id-1223\twhat a joke! i stayed here on a buisness trip that my company sent me on. first off, it was at a mall so the parking was horrible and it felt like you had no privacy. the hotel staff was nosy asking what i came down to their town for. they seemed too chatty and was not all professional. i would have liked to stay at a real hotel with real suites and a staff that treated their guests like royalty. do not stay at this hotel!'
p285
aS'id-1022\tthe portsmouth holiday inn was the idea place to stay during our weekend visit to portsmouth. we loved the indoor heated pool, and took advantage of room service to enjoy several breakfasts in our room. we also appreciated the free wifi.'
p286
aS"id-1189\tat america's best value inn-golden gate, you get what you pay for. sure, it's a great deal but is that really worth a dirty room, small closet, no coffee pot in your room and a small, dingy bathroom? their complimentary breakfast is coffee and a muffin at the coffee shop next door. there is only one choice of muffin, too. it's really not that hard to have a simple couple of choices with breakfast. the front desk staff is rude and careless, they seem annoyed whenever you speak to them and look at you like you're stupid when you ask a question. there is a parking lot, but it is small, and the only way to get up to your room is a risky looking elevator or lots and lots of stairs. all in all, a horrible stay."
p287
aS"id-1213\tthis hotel had no luggage carts available so you carried your luggage from the car to the hotel room. you had to hunt down the staff for any extra linens you may need also. rooms are not as they apear in the picture. the pool if it is running will be available for limited hours only. the traffic noise outside will be a sure way for you to loose a good nights sleep. don't expect any refreshments like a coffee bar here. oh they have one but they run out of coffee before you get a cup. donut's for breakfast here are right in line with box donuts you buy in the store. save your money and go to a hotel that offers more service, quite atomsphere and quality care!"
p288
aS'id-1123\tthe ocean creek resort in myrtle beach is a dump. they advertise that they have several pools but they dont tell you they are packed wall to wall. i was expecting the hotel to be on the ocean but when i got there it was situated on a little creek!the staff was not very informative and the rooms were extremely small.the ocean side bar that they mention turned to be a little shack that served mainly beer and wine only!'
p289
aS'id-0814\tthe hotel was great!! i loved the great view outside. the food was delicious, especially the potatoes and the creamy skim milk. the hotel was fancy and neat! i recommend this to anyone who wants a perfect view of the niagara falls.'
p290
aS"id-1191\tthis hotel was the worst! after mixing up our reservations, we were put in a small room with a view of the parking lot. there must have been a wedding going on that night, because the hotel was packed with party-goers. what's worse is that someone decided to keep the party going in his hotel room, and they kept us up all night! and when we called the front desk, they were less than helpful. definitely don't stay here!"
p291
aS"id-1177\tonce i got to the hyatt regency, no one greeted me at the door. i had to bring my own bags in out of the car, and once i did find someone to help me, they seemed to have an attitude. i did manage to get the key to my room, however, once in the room... i didn't have a view of the inner harbor, like the online picture showed me that i would. i also wasn't able to leave my room and go to the dining room, because they were spraying for rodents. i wish i would have booked my stay at another hotel."
p292
aS"id-0816\tthis is one of the better deals on the strip. not only are they located directly on the strip across from mgm and mandalay bay but they have better prices, even on the weekends. we stayed friday- sunday and loved our experience. we went to the check in counter a little early and the woman behind the counter said we could check-in early if a room was available. i really wanted to stay in the pyramid so we could ride the elevators that go diagonally in the pyramid. she said there was a room and we could check-in early! the room was nice with a queen size bed a view of the strip. we dropped off our stuff and made our way into the casino. it looked like the casino had one of every game table open. we first hit the buffet, which offered a lot of variety and we left stuffed. we purchased the full day wristband for the buffet and returned later that night for dinner. even though we were only there 3 days there was a lot to do at the luxor. we not only played table games but walked along the shops that connected to mandalay bay. they have a walk-through of the titanic museum which was neat to see all of the artifacts. the next time i go to vegas i will probably stay at the luxor again. with such good rates and a location right on the strip i don't think i could find a better deal."
p293
aS"id-0952\tthis hotel was a really affordable and conveniently located to the highway where i needed to go i the morning. the room was on par with how much i paid for it. there was a little bit of noise but it wasn't the hotels fault just some noisy kids. in the morning they had a complementary breakfast that was actually really good!"
p294
aS"id-1253\ti recently spent time at the sandals grande st. lucian with my wife. the experience we had, was definitely not a good one. first off, our room wasn't ready when we got there and we had to sit in the humid lobby area while we waited. every time, we visited the main pool it was overcrowded. the beach was filled with peddlers trying to sell you necklaces and other things, which really took away from the relaxing atmosphere that there was supposed to be. we will be staying elsewhere on our next visit."
p295
aS'id-0978\tthis hotel was a nice place to spend a night. the room was spacious, and the beds were comfortable. all of the other guests were very quiet. the hotel was able to accomodate several rooms for our family during our family reunion. it was conveniently located near restaurants and a bank with an atm. it was nice to have restaurants within walking distance. the hotel is not that far from an outlet mall that is a very popular place to shop. it is also not far from portland.'
p296
aS'id-1259\tdo yourself a favor and do not reserve a room at club quarters in philadelphia. it is miles away from the train station, hard to get to, in the middle of a busy, noisy street (forget about a good night sleep)- and so impersonal. you have to use a computer to check in and out- not a real breathing body to welcome you to the hotel. the room was ok- a bit small, and the television was not much larger than my laptop screen- so much for watching tv in bed. if you are looking for quality, comfort, convenience and superior customer service, take a pass on this place.'
p297
aS'id-1103\twe stayed here this winter and were extremely disappointed. the service was slow and the hotel is old and dated. the rooms look like they needed to be updated. the bedding was outdated and the mattresses were not comfortable. there was not much to do at the resort other than go to the small pool or ride bikes. the beach was really far away. the restaurants were expensive and not worth the money. we probably will not return.'
p298
aS"id-1203\ton paper, this hotel is amazing. in truth, i would classify it as just ok. every feature seemed to have a downside, or some reason we could not use it.  the room has a bathtub, but the faucet to fill it doesn't work. the room has an office desk, but you have to practically sit on the bed to use it, because there's no room between it and the bed. the hotel offers huge tvs, but the hd service is non-existent.  they offer a bus to take you to the metro station, but the bus is always 20 minutes late. they offer a breakfast, but it isn't free.  once i arrived, it seemed like they had set the entire place up as a trap. they lured me in with awesome features and then dashed my hopes with poor execution. overall, i didn't hate it, but it was only memorable for its disappointments."
p299
aS"id-1183\tthe set up of this resort is ridiculous. it's a pain to have our hotel room separate from the casino. we don't want to drive between both places so we have to rely on the transportation of the hotel. even though the ride is free, you still have to wait for the bus to come and pick you up. the room was nice, but because it is located away from the casino it is very quiet... eerie quiet. we left the t.v. on all night just to have white noise while we slept. we wanted to go to the lobby to check out local events posted but the walk to the lobby is long, so we jumped in our car to drive to the lobby. guests shouldn't have to drive from their hotel room to speak to someone in the lobby. i don't think i will stay here again. it's not worth all the moving around to do the same stuff at a regular hotel and casino."
p300
aS"id-0808\ti had a really good time while saying at the adam's mark buffalo. the staff was very courteous and made me feel really welcome. the facility was clean and well decorated. the food in the restaurant was amazing and came out promptly. i am overall very satisfied with my stay."
p301
aS"id-0966\ti was on a trip to san diego and most hotels were booked that weekend. luckily, la quinta had an opening. the place was nice and comfortable. the rate was reasonable and there's a decent mexican restaurant right next door and some more restaurants within 5 minutes. the pool was clean and the hot tub working. can't ask for more than that."
p302
aS'id-0864\tla quinta was a great experience for me and my family. we checked in with no fuss, had our wifi running, took a dip in the pool, and our rooms were spotless. the temperature inside was perfect! our beds were extremely comfortable too! overall i had a great time at this hotel.'
p303
aS"id-1169\twhen passing through vegas, i stayed at the luxor for 1 night. i didn't have the experience i was hoping for. this was my first time at the hotel and when checking in i asked the front desk lady about show times and a few questions about the hotel buffets and she had to ask 4 other people before i got an answer. she knew nothing about the hotel. i was also told that the luxor was in the middle of the strip, when booking and it is very clearly not in the middle but towards the end. my room was decent for 1 night stay, but i wouldn't recommend the hotel to anyone nor would i stay more than 1 night."
p304
aS'id-0886\tmy husband and i took our two young children to disneyland over the summer and we stayed at the disneyland hotel. the kids loved the disney theme throughout the hotel! our room must have been a princess theme judging by the wallpaper.   i liked being able to take the tram from the hotel to the park, with 2 little ones transport can be difficult. it was also great getting early admission to the park in the morning since the kids crash around 8 at night. this convenience and added perk alone was enough to justify the cost per night for me.   we will definitely be staying at the disney hotel next time too.'
p305
aS"id-1217\tla quinta inn and suites is a low end national lodging chain that is best to avoid for the business professional. while la quinta offers rooms at an affordable rate, the sleepless nights make it way too expensive. the rooms are reasonably nice, but the general construction of la quinta facilities includes walls so thin that you can hear your neighbor clear their throat. additionally, the chain is a hotspot for families on vacation, so that means kids and animals lending to the disruption. and while there is a pool, it is often so cold that it is unbearable to enjoy. the staff don't exactly go out of their way for their client either. is a restful sleep is desired, drive on past la quinta."
p306
aS'id-1095\tunless you care only about getting a low price and are not looking to have a pleasant stay, avoid this hotel. the staff is rude, impatient and impersonal, the rooms are poorly kept and the the food is extremely mediocre. the supplies you are given also seem pretty obviously to be bargain-bin junk. in fact, this place would be better classified as lodging than a hotel. the location however is relatively good, but there are much better hotels to consider.'
p307
aS'id-0796\tthis hotel was astonishing. it was decorated with the utmost of delicacy. from the lobby to indoor pool everything was perfect. the dining was a treat. everything was cooked to perfection. the menu had a beautiful selection to choose from. the rooms were very decadent. the beds were extremely comfortable and i had more pillows than i knew what to do with. the jacuzzi tub was the icing on the cake. it had some of the best jets possible. it got rid of any kinks i had from my 6 hour flight. overall my experience was pleasant. everything from the staff to my stay was perfect!!!'
p308
aS"id-0882\tthe radisson lackawanna station hotel, located in downtown scranton, pa is a beautiful hotel located in an early 1900's train station. the hotel boasts beautiful stained glass ceilings and architecture that is hard to find anywhere else. the food is exceptional, with buffet style lunches with great selections for reasonable prices. the weekend brunches are hard to avoid! the staff are highly trained and consistent in dealing with consumers. the rooms are white-glove tested clean, with the highest level of attention paid to customer satisfaction. i highly recommend this hotel."
p309
aS"id-0852\tthis was a beautiful and quaint hotel that i would describe as luxuriously rustic. it is nestled in the foothills and each room is like a little cabin. a custom wooden sign with your name on it is pieced together and hangs from the front of each cabin. it makes the stay feel so welcoming. we stayed in a room with a fireplace and a lovely four poster bed. the hotel allows dogs which is a wonderful feature and makes it all the more cozy. each room is different and we have stayed in 4 different ones. each room was elegant and interesting. it was always a surprise to see which one we'd get. it is a very romantic place to stay and the restaurants are top notch. it's really a perfect weekend getaway or a great place to spend an anniversary."
p310
aS'id-1026\tthe inn at the convention center is conveniently located near major freeways and is only minutes from hip downtown portland. as well, the inn is just a few blocks away from the rose garden arena and - as its name implies - the convention center. also, if you have some shopping to do, just a few blocks down the road is the attractive, multilevel shopping complex, the lloyd center. we are located near several restaurants, provide free room service, have free wi-fi in every room, and are happy to serve you in whatever way we can. if you are just staying for one night on a business trip or if you need a longer stay, the inn at the convention center will provide you with what you need for a private, restful hotel experience that is beyond compare in this area. please call our friendly staff if you have any questions. we look forward to serving you!'
p311
aS"id-0898\tall of the rooms at the lemon tree hotel are 2 room suites! all of rooms have windows facing the lush garden common area and open up to the garden and common area. king size beds feature high thread count sheets, soft pillows, and high fashion coverlets.  the kitchen areas include a 4-burner stove, oven, and full size fridge. pots, pans, and a dish service for 6 is included in each rooms' kitchen.   the complimentary toiletries are imported from italy and have a pleasant blood orange aroma. the rooms are decorate in shabby spanish chic,and each room features a wall mounted flat screen tv.  free continental breakfast is provided each morning from 7-10am. choices include cereal, assorted pastries, coffee, juice, and yogurt."
p312
aS"id-0836\ti visited syracuse last winter to watch some college basketball and i chose this econo lodge because it was close to the carrier dome and was pretty cheap. even though the hotel looks small from the outside, the lobby and especially the rooms were very spacious and clean. i asked the very friendly customer service at the front desk if they could give me a wake-up call the next morning and they were very accomodating.  my room was incredibly clean and it had kind of a spring smell to it even though it was in the dead of winter. it was also very warm and toasty, and a very welcoming relief from the frigid cold outside. that night, i slept like a baby in the comfortable beds with very soft sheets, and i was woken up the next morning as promised by the wake-up call.  i couldn't have asked for a better stay for the extremely cheap price and it was made even better the next day when my team beat su! i will definitely make this my hotel of choice the next time i visit syracuse."
p313
aS'id-0804\ti would highly reccommend this hotel for many reasons. nestled in the woods, right off of highway 299, the big foot motel is a major attraction. there is a cage which once captured big foot which serves as a great photo opportunity. the rooms are quaint and cozy, with cute curtains on the window. the showers are warm and the staff is friendly. if i am ever in the area again, i will return without a doubt!'
p314
aS"id-1113\tthe first thing i noticed was how forceful the valet was to take my keys as i drove up to the hotel. i was waiting for someone to help me with my bags and had to stand in line to check in because there was only one attendant on staff. after being told that my room was accidentally booked before i arrived, i was told the only room available was a queen instead of the two double beds i asked for. the room was okay and the bathroom was impressive but unnecessarily large. in fact, they could have made the bathroom half the size and made the room bigger for more comfort. i didn't like having to pay $9.99 to park my car under the hotel but there was no street parking available anywhere else. my room faced the pool and that was a problem because of the noise with kids playing in it. internet was charged in the room and for how much i paid a night, i thought it should come free. overall, i was underwhelmed by the experience i had here for the price i paid to stay."
p315
aS"id-1105\ti took a trip to new york for a couple of days with my two daughters and we decided to splurge and stay at the doubletree in times square. we booked a small suite on a mid level floor and were very excited to see our room but when we entered we discovered how boring and unimaginitive the decor was lacking in color and style. everything was comfortable but the bathroom was old looking. we tried the exercize room too. some of the equipment didn't work. perhaps that's why we were the only people in it. the reception area was dull as well and the hotel staff were bored. i felt a little unwelcome and wondered if our jeans and tshirts looked too low brow for the place. considering we spent well over $800, i think we got a bad deal."
p316
aS"id-0920\ti cannot recommend days inn enough. the young man who worked the front desk saw that we had a lot of bags since we were traveling with three young children. once he gave us our keycard, he helped us carry our bags to our room. the rooms were nice and tidy and even smelled like they'd just been cleaned by a professional company who knew what they were doing. they inn where we stayed had free wireless internet which was definitely a plus and in the morning there was a free breakfast. days inn is a keeper."
p317
aS"id-1037\tmy stay at the aquarius was like a nightmare! first, lets start with the parking. i have a boat, as do most people who come to laughlin. the aquarius boat parking lot is way too small to accomodate boat parking - they have a 6 level parking garage for regular cars/trucks, and a lot the size of a postage stamp for boats! anyway, after spending 45 minutes trying to get my boat into the tight spot, i have to lug my suitcases myself all the way from the lot in 110 degree heat and across the entire casino because they made the registration desk at the other end of the building, farthest from the parking. then i wait another 30 minutes in a line, because they only have one person working, to finally get my room. when i get there, there must be a family of 20 in the room next to mine letting their kids go crazy or unsupervisized. we finally get to shower - in tepid water - and go down to eat dinner only to find the buffet is closed for the night -at 10pm!!! when we check out the next morning, i find that my boat has been scraped up by someone trying to get their boat out! their security people are rude and just point out signs that we park at our own risk and the hotel has no responsibility for damages. what kind of hotel, particularly in laughlin where boating is the main attration, doesn't provide suuitable boat parking?!?! i expected much, much more from the aquarius. their lack of customer consideration, and lack of planning for customer needs, has really tainted my thinking about staying there again."
p318
aS'id-0948\tstayed for business for 4 nights. the rooms were very large, very spacious. i like that there was an actual door between the sleeping area and the living area. the pool was open late which was great because all of the kids were gone.'
p319
aS'id-1257\tupon arrival to this hotel with my family the staff seemed annoyed at the hyper nature of my dogs. i was not informed until arrival that the cost to have a pet there is $25 per pet, per night. this should have been told to me over the phone. also, the room was not very clean; it seemed as if it had not been vacuumed after the previous person stayed there as there was pet hair all over the room. i will most likely not be staying there again.'
p320
aS"id-1237\ti'm a big fan of the westin brand, but i'll never stay at the downtown denver westin every again! it took over 30 minutes to get checked during a normal monday afternoon, no convention no special events; just understaffed.   once i got my room the tv didn't work, the coffee maker was busted. when i called the front desk to ask for repairs the treatment i received from the desk clerk was shocking and inexcusable. she hung up on me, twice! i finally had to go down to the front desk and speak with the manager on duty to get my issues addressed.  finally when i checked out it took 45 minutes to get an $1,100 error corrected. my room was charged for function held by my company's marketing department. not only did i have to call american express to get the charge address the desk staff was rude and insulting.   i'll never stay at this westin property again."
p321
aS"id-0800\ti recently stayed at that astor crowne plaza in the french quarter of new orleans. let me just say - wow! the french quarter is such a great experience and this hotel has the old, classic charm that you would expect from the area! very elaborate and ornate decorations and beautiful staircases! one might expect that the rooms would be a little run down in such an old hotel, but no, these rooms were just as beautiful as the rest of the hotel! i asked the front desk if there was an area for me to enjoy a cigar outside without having to stand on the street, and she let me in on the balcony secret! the hotel has a huge private balcony that is alway empty and offers great views of bourbon street! it's a great way to experience bourbon street without having to be in the middle of it!  i ordered room service from the hotel for breakfast one morning and got so much food! they definitely don't want you to go hungry! as far as other meals went for me, i was in walking distance to cafe du monde, napoleon house, pat o'briens and several great oyster places!   i will be returning to new orleans very shortly and i most definitely plan to call astor crown plaza for my stay."
p322
aS"id-1008\ti recently had the pleasure of staying at the aliante station casino in las vegas, nevada. what a fantastic hotel! we were treated to a scenic drive through las vegas on the way to our hotel. once we arrived, we went upstairs to check out our room. it was beautiful! we had a fantastic view of the red rock mountains. the bathtub was luxuriously large and the bubble bath mix they provided smelled divine. the beds were soft and cozy. the decor was very tasteful and reminded me of being in a spa. my husband and i enjoyed gambling downstairs. the slots were relatively loose and we won quite a bit considering we hardly spent any money. we absolutely loved dining at the variety of restaurants located inside the casino. they have mexican, american, german and italian food, plus several other types of cuisines. everywhere we went, we were greeted with attentive service and delicious food. i especially enjoyed dining at cabo, the hotel's mexican restaurant. there is a bar in the center that features a massive chandelier made of bottles. the margaritas were strong and inexpensive. the gaming attendants we met while gambling were very friendly and didn't mind explaining the rules to us when we weren't sure how each game worked. i am so thankful that aliante station employs people who love their job! i am already looking into booking my next stay and can't wait to return."
p323
aS'id-0958\tmy girlfriend and i decided to stay here given the proximity from downtown philly where we were visiting. we booked via phone and the booking person kindly advised us that they are doing some minor construction in the lobby but that there are rooms available and distractions and noise should be minor. the receptionist greeted us and checked us in quickly. the facility was clean, and within driving distance to downtown philly so we really enjoyed our stay. we noted that certain rooms were left open because they were doing construction but our room was locked and secure when we entered. overall they are doing a good job of retaining customers while renovation is underway. the decor of our rooms was very good and checkout was not a problem.'
p324
aS"id-1171\tthe vallarta palace is isolated from the rest of mexico. although it is located in a nice coastal area, staying at this resort isolates you from the interior of mexico. staying here will not show you what it's like to be in the heart of puerto vallarta city. the tourist store located inside the resort is incredibly expensive, with prices inflated at almost 150-175% of their actual value in the united states. for example, spray on sun screen costs seventeen dollars and fifteen cents. the bars located nearby seem geared to rip off unsuspecting tourists who do not seem to understand the conversion between currencies."
p325
aS'id-1147\tthis hotel was horrible. we arrived at 10pm after looking everywhere for an indoor pool, only to find out we could only swim for 20 minutes! since we were paying 100 bucks for the room, you would think they could have let us swim a little longer!? the room was small for a suite, and it was very cold. we couldnt get it warmed up. smoking is nasty, and there was an ashtray right at the front door of the hotel, so every time we left we had to smell smoke. waffles were the only hot food for breakfast. 100 dollar room and all i can get is waffles??'
p326
aS'id-0904\tthe design and the full description from the website was accurate in person. loved the scenery, food, workers, and the vibe around the hotel. one of the best service i seen in a long time.'
p327
aS'id-1089\tthe holiday inn express in pueblo, co was a horrible experience. the breakfast is free, but if you do not get down there fast enough it is gone. the front desk did not like his job. he was rude. the gym has hardly any equipment. the indoor pool was too dirt and cold. the holiday inn express should invest some money into some new beds because they were horrible. i will never stay at a holiday inn express again due to this one stay.'
p328
aS"id-1079\tthis place is horrible!! when i went to check in, they took at least 5 minutes standing around before they decided to pay attention to me, and were rude when they did! i was guaranteed a non smoking room, but when i opened the door, it smelled like one giant ash tray! horrible! not many activites for adults if you don't like to golf, which i don't. room service was barely adequate, had to tell the dumb lady who barely spoke english to go away four times. i will not be returning."
p329
aS'id-1201\tstaying at the bon aire was for sure a waste of time and money. the rooms were disgusting, the service was terrible, and the bar was open all night! i could not sleep one single night due to all of the drunken parties going on outside of my hotel room. not only was the hotel itself a complete let down, the beachfront was completely and utterly a total disappointment. the sand was completely full of broken shells and dead fish. vacation is supposed a time to get away for a while and let go and have fun, not be angry and disgusted with every little thing that you had to pay for. if anybody is looking for a place to stay on st. pete beach, i would not recommend staying at the bon aire.'
p330
aS"id-0912\tstepping in caesars palace is like walking into a piece of history. there's both the iconic imagery of rome, and the history of the hotel in vegas for one to dwell on. it's a stunning combination that can get even better on really starting to get into the experience. the more one walks around the area, the more easily they slip into really feeling like being there is an experience. it's not just a hotel to sleep in, but rather one to experience as a big event."
p331
aS'id-1020\tthis hotel provided me with an amazing night. even though i arrived a tiny bit early, they were able to accommodate me and get me into my room immediately. the room itself was clean and comfortable. when i had a question about where i needed to go that evening to find a good place to eat, the staff was more than helpful. i would definitely recommend this place to anybody that wanted a nice hotel to find on mount pleasant.'
p332
aS'id-0988\tao chalong hotel is an oasis in the middle of the phuket paradise. it is near all of the little towns at the southern tip of the phuket area. the staff is friendly and helpful and will go above and beyond to make you comfortable. i would highly recommend staying at this hotel. it is beautifully furnished and the two pools outside are amazing. plus the hotel is located on the ao chalong bay and has direct access to the water. you feel like you are staying in a tropical paradise here. we also enjoyed a lovely buffet breakfast in the mornings, with wide selections and fresh fruits!'
p333
aS'id-1016\tthe historic mayfair hotel is a great hotel to stay at. it looks a little dingy from the outside, but inside it is very elegant looking. my kids enjoyed sitting in the plush waiting room chairs while i checked us in. the elevator up to our room was noiseless and quick. the room we received was very nice. everything was in its place and my kids enjoyed the view onto the street. we had their continental breakfast the next morning and everything was perfect, just like the breakfast i would cook at home for my kids. will recommend this hotel to others and my family and friends.'
p334
aS'id-1028\tthe wagon wheel motel is quality lodging for affordable pricing. they may not look like much, but offer all amenities such as: microwave, tv, fridge, laundry, and coffee makers. they also offer weekly and monthly rates. visit their motel and come see the historic wooden castle. great, fun place, meant for all ages. pet friendly.'
p335
aS"id-1159\thoward johnson hotels are the biggest waste of time and money anyone could ask for. the rooms are so small that we had to rent another room to fit everyone in. as far as pets are concerned, you cant control how other people take care of them. that said once we came back home from our vacation, my dog was covered in fleas. i was completely dissatisfied with the staff of the hotel, they were very short and rude with my family. i am raising children and don't want them to think that is the right way to treat people but you can only shield your children for so long. this hotel didn't have great things for kids to do either. once my children saw the indoor pool they were all over it. to my dismay as a parent never once did i see a lifeguard at the pool, which is very worrisome to me. the only time i would allow my children to go swimming was when i did, as i didn't trust them going there without supervision. the complimentary breakfast was a joke. they put out two trays of danish and a pot of coffee for the entire amount of guests it was very disproportionate. i would never recommend this hotel to anyone unless i really didn't like the person."
p336
aS'id-0856\tthe motel at 58th avenue and i-25 in denver is very nice place to stay and very convenient to downtown and the northern suburbs. check-in was fast and hassle free.   once i got to my room it was clean, fresh and furnished in classic western decor. they had extended cable access on a 42 flat panel led tv. the wifi access was free and fast.  the morning buffet was hot and cooked to order.'
p337
aS"id-1157\twe stayed at the hilton hotel at the virginia beach oceanfront for a short weekend vacation. when we arrived at the hotel we waited at the check in counter for almost 15 minutes before someone helped us. very poor service considering there weren't many people at the hotel to begin with. once we checked in we went to our room but found that the elevator was not working so we had to carry our heavy bags up the stairs. this was horrible and no one even offered to help us with our bags all the way up to the 8th floor. when we got to our room we found it to be dirty and very outdated. there were a number of stains in the carpet and one of our lights over the bed didnt even work. the toilet in the bathroom kept running and we had to call maintenance 2 times to get it fixed. we had dinner at the restaurant that was located in the hotel and were very disappointed. the food was very overpriced and when we did get our food it was mostly cold and not very good at all. i would not recommend that any of my friends stay here, and overall we were very disappointed in our stay."
p338
aS'id-1006\tyou will absolutely love staying at the long bay resort. we have both an indoor and outdoor pool area for visitors joining us at anytime of the year. families are welcomed, the childrens pool will have your young ones occupied for hours. both adults and kids can enjoy the relaxing atmosphere of our lazy river. all of our ocean front hotels provide a view that you will remeber for years to come. enjoy waking up to the soothing sound of the ocean waves. our rooms are spacious and come with either one king size for couples or two queens for families. come out and join us, we guarantee a unforgettable vacation!'
p339
aS"id-0964\tmy wife and i decided to stay at this hotel in the noth shore of minnesota for a romantic getaway. the staff was so friendly that it gave a new meaning to minnesota nice. our room had a wonderful view of lake superior, and their restaurant had the best food i have had in the region. it was conveniently located off of highway 61 so it was really easy to find. i plan to come back soon for our next anniversary. can't wait for it!"
p340
aS"id-1247\ti stayed at the rennaissance hotel in fort lauderdale in october 2011. while the hotel was beautiful, i was nickled and dimed every time i turned around. for example, there was one price for the continental breakfast, and another price if you wanted a bit more food. for such an expensive hotel, i'm really shocked they couldn't have a simple, free, continental buffet. or at least price the food comparable to market ratets.  room service was prompt, tasty, and efficient but pricey, plus fees.  furthermore the cost for using the internet was astronomical, and daily. i didn't even bother to try. meanwhile a small cafe in a nearby plaza was offering free internet to its patrons.   maybe this is a feature of more upscale hotels. everything is lovely but be sure you're going to pay for it."
p341
aS"id-1205\tthe wynn hotel was not all that is was supposed to be for our las vegas trip. for the price and rating you would think that the rooms were not be as stark and just plain dull as they were. the location was ok. i have stayed at three star hotels that were better located. the sport book was very small and my husband actually went to another hotel's sport book. the wynn hotel really lacked the character and theme that you would expect a five star hotel to have in las vegas."
p342
aS"id-1045\tthis place is too expensive. our room overlooked a roof. we could see the ocean from one small corner of our window. we had a balcony, but it wasn't pleasant looking at the roof below. the restaurant was overpriced. since the hotel is so isolated on the north side of the island, it requires some driving to get to another hotel. the hotel seemed crowded, and at times it was difficult to find staff to help us with information. since most visitors are from out of state, it seems like the concierge would be more helpful in providing information about the area and about excursions. the pool was nice, but there were some questionable looking people around the hot tub. i don't know if this place was worth the money we paid."
p343
aS"id-0934\tfor a cheap hotel, this place delivers. it's very convenient - located in downtown montreal, close to a metro station as well as the city's central bus terminal. the staff is friendly and they serve great food, especially at their small but well-maintained restaurant. their rooms are more than passable, with comfortable beds and despite being located in a busy area, not noticeably noisy. the wristbands they make you wear to prove you're a guest are kind of annoying, but a minor hassle outweighed by the benefits."
p344
aS'id-0858\tit had a great view of the water, it was close to many shops, nice swimming pool and a huge deck.'
p345
aS"id-1059\tthis hotel was horrible. i didn't get any fresh towels for hours after i called down to the front desk to ask for them. the comforter of the bed had an old stain on it and the toilet was broken. no one came to fix that. we called down to change rooms and they were disrespectful and they sounded annoyed, like we were the ones inconveniencing them. don't stay here!"
p346
aS"id-0996\twe stayed at the hotel vintage plaza for an anniversary a few months ago. i have to say, this is probably one of the most beautiful hotels we've visited. we were greeted warmly when we arrived, the staff was incredibly courteous and friendly. the check in process was quick and very simple, a welcome treat when we were tired from our travels. we took advantage of the valet services while we were there, and while it was an added expense, we felt it was well worth it to not have to worry about finding a place to park.   we stayed in one of their garden spa rooms, and i must say it's simply incredible. there are only three of these rooms, high above the city below. we walked into the room and were amazed at how spacious it was. while the room itself was gorgeous and very well appointed, what drew us to this room was the cedar deck with a hot tub. there is a lattice fence around the tub for privacy, and it was simply wonderful to soak away the stress of a hectic day of travel. while we didn't try their restaurant or spa services, we knew those were available to us as well, had we wanted a meal or a massage. even more amazing, there are spa services available to you in your room, if you so choose. we were tempted to have an in room massage, but time simply didn't permit it.  i would definitely recommend this hotel for a relaxing, romantic getaway."
p347
aS'id-1139\tthis hotel is located in downtown richmond which is nothing short of a ghetto. the outside, while attractive, does not hold the modern flair i expect in a hotel. the inside of the hotel makes it seem like they tried to hard to reflect earlier times and i had a hard time finding the room. the layout of the hotel is confusing and the room was old and musty smelling. the staff are also impolite, the restaurant is overly expensive (especially for a beer) and the food was not as good as other restaurants we ate at in the area. the hotel was overpriced, but there are better options in richmond from what i understand after doing my research. beware.'
p348
aS"id-1129\twhen i decided that it was time for a long overdue vacation, i decided to do it somewhere small and laid back. that place was charleston, sc. since it had been a while since i had been on vacation, i did a lot of research beforehand. the choices had been between savannah, ga and charleston, sc. since i live in ga, i figured that i could at least leave the state, and when comparing hotels, the pricing for planters inn (my ultimate destination) and its accommodations, (as displayed on its website) ended up winning me over. i guess what they say is right, you get what you pay for. upon arriving to the hotel, it took forever to figure out the parking area and where to pull up to get assistance from the bellhop. there was no real designated area. i ended up having to call the hotel from my cell phone to have them send out someone for assistance. i figure it was just a minor inconvenience and brushed it off. checking in at the front desk was fine, the young lady that greeted me was friendly enough and i was escorted to the elevator, which was in the process of having its system changed from an old fashion key entry to the key card swipe. i had several problems with this system on my stay, having to go get help from the front desk just to get back to my room several times. i'm an easy going person, by nature, so i didn't let this get to me, but it is still in the back of my mind that this is supposed to be a luxury hotel, these little things shouldn't be a problem. once i make it to my room, on my first night, i figure it is time to settle in. it had been a relatively long drive, for one person, and i wanted to unwind in the big jacuzzi that their website promotes. first of all, finding a suitable temperature for the water was a pain. warm would go to scorching with just a slight turn of the knob. eventually i settled on mixing scorching with cold to get the desired temperature. once in the tub, i realized the jacuzzi jets weren't as strong as i anticipated. they were quite weak actually. another thing i brushed off because at that point i just didn't care. once out, i decided to try this 4-star restaurant experience that they boast about and ordered the greasiest, slimiest little glob of foie gras i've ever seen or tasted. to this day, i'm still not sure if it was actually foie gras i was eating. or attempted to eat. thankfully i was able to order something else from one of the nearby restaurants. i would like to say that my trip got better over time, but it didn't. i tried the over-priced 4-star restaurant a couple of more times, but in the end ate elsewhere the majority of the trip. the location ended up being great for shopping, and i still say that the staff was pretty ok. i just don't think that i will be returning to the planters inn any time soon."
p349
aS"id-1127\tworst experience. you can't even see the lake from the small tower. the front desk is rude and they appear to just want your money. you always have to go to the desk to get new towels because their room service is so slow. the rooms in the small tower are old and out-dated and do not have a mini fridge nor a microwave. they also allow dogs, so if you are lucky, you may get stuck next to someone's annoying pooch. the buffet food is not great either."
p350
aS'id-1018\ti stayed at the super 8 in east lansing. even though i booked a room on short notice, the room was easy to reserve, and was ready when i arrived. the walk up to the room had a good view of the city, and was pretty quiet for being next to a highway. the hotel room had everything i needed, and plenty of space to put my luggage. checking out was fast and easy. i would go there again.'
p351
aS'id-0980\tstepping into the chicago hilton i was immediately awed by the immaculate structures and cleanliness of everything around me. despite the line of people standing to be checked in there was no chaos and everyone seemed to be checking in quite smoothly. people were walking away from the check-in line smiling and i have to say that i felt the same way. the girl behind the counter was a perky and pleasant lady that made me honestly feel welcomed to the chicago hilton.  our room was spacious considering we ended up going with one of the cheapest rooms in the hotels and the bed was one of the most comfortable things i had ever slept on. i nearly unpacked my bags and curled up just to take a nap, but we still had all of chicago to see!  after a long day of walking we came back to the hotel and decided to order room service. our feet were aching and it was time to rest.   what a delicious array of items on their menus, and all at a price that was reasonable. the food was of restaurant quality and the room service was speedy and pleasant. i would swear they trained their employees to all give that perfect smile of welcoming, and if so i wish more places would do just that.  the next morning, before we were to check out, we made a stop at the swimming pool. while i swam in the spacious pool i thought of how i would have loved to have stayed at this hotel for more than just one night. with all of the amenities they have to offer i would have enjoyed being able to take advantage of just a few more. alas, it will have to wait until the next time. and there will be a next time.'
p352
aS"id-1231\ti recently visited the w hotel in downtown new orleans and even though this place is considered to be on the upper end of hotels...im gonna have to dicagree. everything that glitters aint gold and there is nothing golden about this place. first of all, i am not a tourist! i live in this city. i do not own a luxury vehicle. when i arrived to have my average-looking vehicle valet'd, the guys working there turned there nose up at me and didnt even offer me any of that free expensive water they gave out-of-towners. that was complaint #1. the check-in girl was ok even though the prices were through the roof. my room was nice but i refused to even look at the snack bar becuase the price of those snacks were way overpriced. i ordered room service and recieved it fast but the food was not fresh and seemed microwaved. i requested a wake-up call that night for the next morning but never received it. when i complained at the checkout the girl told me they were really busy with out-of-towner's checking in for a convention in the cbd and forgot. i guess every guest isnt treated the same. i received my vehicle and hurried up and got the hell away from there. to sum it up, this hotel may be a favorite downtown but it seems like tourist get better service than folks who live in town. i give this hotel two thumbs down. :("
p353
aS'id-0944\tthe holiday inn in rosslyn is a cheap hotel in a great location. there is a great view of the potomac river, it is a block away from a metro station, and a short walk to georgetown. it is also convenient to reagan national airport. the hotel also has free wifi and a restaurant/bar on the top floor that offers amazing views of washington.'
p354
aS'id-1209\ti was in the region on business trip. when i arrived at front desk, there were no available staff and had to wait about 10 minutes to check in. i asked for first floor room away from busy streets but that was not available. inside, it was very average in terms of cleanliness and had a long-unused smell - not the caliber i expected from a brand like ramada. my experience was very mediocre. i switched to the best western across the street the next night and that place felt much nicer.'
p355
aS'id-0998\tnice clean motel!friendly service. we serve breakfast. outside pool for the warm days. close to interstate. have flea markets within minutes from motel.. restaurants within walking distance. prices are best around!'
p356
aS"id-1187\ti stayed here a couple of months ago when i needed place to rest from driving all day long. when i went up to the front desk, the staff ignored me and when i finally managed to get his attention, he was rude. i was displeased with his attitude and bought the cheapest room there was. i was trying to go up to my room and then i bumped in to these crazy high school kids that were making a ruckus in the hotel lounge. (it was 11pm just so you know) i couldn't believe that the staff would just let these kids just run everywhere throwing chaos. when i got up to my room and looked inside, well let's just say it's not the cleanest room i've ever seen in my life. but what else do you expect from a hotel that has bad service and has kids running around at 11pm? i fell asleep as soon as i hit the bed and woke up and left. the check out staff was friendly but that was the best thing about this hotel. will not be coming back to this hotel and won't be recommending any i know to do so as well."
p357
aS'id-0896\ti dont understand but that motel so great i could just spend every weekend in it...'
p358
aS"id-0902\tthe inn at el goucho was the perfect way to stay in one of the trendiest areas of downtown seattle, just a couple of blocks from the great music clubs where we could hear the newest indie bands from seattle. the rooms were spacious and the lounge has a fireplace, with snacks and fruit-infused water available all day. the restaurant downstairs serves the best steaks i've ever had, and there is an awesome small old-fashioned movie theater underneath the hotel, where we had drinks and appetizers before settling in for a cozy movie viewing. just a few blocks away is the famous pikes place market, with the flying fish stand that is shown in all the postcards. we didn't need our car at all the whole time. there was even valet parking, so we didn't have to worry about parking even if we had wanted to drive around - which we didn't. everything was right there at this hotel. i would definitely stay there again."
p359
aS"id-1199\tthere is a reason the rate is so reasonable for the extended stay america in burbank. for a hotel of this size, we only saw one person working there, and it felt like we were in the middle of nowhere. it's not an area that is practical for pedestrians, and the room itself was not impressive. the kitchen area was very basic and there was some water leaking from the refrigerator."
p360
aS'id-1143\tif you are a smoker and you request a smoking room it is going to smell horrible! they are normally a decent rate but during special seasons when people from canada come down they jack the prices up to 5 star hotel rates! which can last for months! rooms did not have microwaves or refrigerators!'
p361
aS"id-0982\twhen was the last time you visited the courtyard waukegan? give it another try! with an all-new updated lobby and meeting areas, it's a great place to meet your other traveling colleagues for breakfast (serving starbucks coffee) or for a drink after dinner (the market is open 24 hours). screens in the lobby welcome you with weather and news updates and the friendly staff at the front desk will remember your needs. the location of this hotel close to many businesses is convenient and there are plenty of restaurants, bars and shopping areas nearby. with balconies and a nice courtyard, there are a lot of places to relax and unwind. there is an indoor pool and exercise room so you can keep up with your needs on the road. parking is free and plentiful around the hotel. the hotel provides a free shuttle (7am-5pm) to nearby businesses."
p362
aS'id-1107\ti would not recommend the red roof inn! the beds were unclean. i requested maid service and found that they did not even change the bed covers but changed the sheets. there were not enough towels and front desk did not answer its phone! this hotel did not abide by following through with the noise ordinance. the staff was not helpful and the front office was disorganized.'
p363
aS'id-0880\tif you are looking for a clean, convenient and comfortable place to stay in grand junction look no further! this hotel offers spacious and newly renovated rooms at a reasonable nightly rate. the lobby is large and gracious and served a free breakfast for guests each morning. it is conveniently located near downtown grand junction with easy access to convention centers, restaurants and all the shopping the city has to offer.'
p364
aS"id-1049\tthe seaview resort has really diminished over the years. i've been to this hotel many times since it's opened and over the past few years it's really gotten terrible. the staff were incredibly flighty and distant as well as cold. when i went to check in, they couldn't find my reservation so i had to wait over two hours to check in! also, the beds had not been turned down and there was no soap in the shower. i was really disappointed with the service, overall. i felt like i was cheated out of my money and i should have just gone to stay in a hotel in atlantic city."
p365
aS'id-1195\ti have always liked and will always like the red roof inn! the management and associate staff were very friendly and courteous when helping my elderly parents and me find our hotel room. in addition, they gave us a discounted rate because we had competitor coupons! how awesome is that!? in addition, their hotel rooms are so affordable and somewhat remind me of my own home. i love the old-fashioned paintings they have in each room and the beds are amazingly comfortable. and they even offer breakfast! the good kind of breakfast too, not that processed crap you find at super 8 or other hotel / motel chains.  i slept extremely sound when i stayed there; neither my family nor i had any complaints about the noise level. come to think of it, i have nothing but positive reviews for this toledo red roof inn location! i love it and would absolutely recommend it to anyone looking for an economic hotel in the toledo area!'
p366
aS"id-1227\tmy time at the huntley hotel could not have been more stressful. i arrived at the hotel only to find that my reservation had been lost and i would have to pay for a larger room. the staff was unsympathetic and unhelpful throughout the process. when i finally settled into my room, i was kept awake for most of the night by music and noise from the building's restaurant and bar. i spent the rest of my trip feeling exhausted and irritated."
p367
aS"id-1251\ti would not recommend this hotel to anyone. the staff were rude and unhelpful and the hotel was dated. in addition to the dated decor, the property appeared to be very dirty and did not make me feel comfortable staying there. the continental breakfast was disappointing and the location was not nearly as great as they advertised on the website. the front desk forgot about my wake up call and didn't even apologize or offer any consolation about the fact that i was then running late. terrible service - do not stay at this hotel."
p368
aS"id-0822\tthis hotel was a great price near the universal entrance. it's walking distance so you can save a lot of money on parking. you can also take a break from the parks and then head back out to city walk for dinner or a movie during the evening. there is a pool to relax at if you want to take it easy after a long day in the parks. the staff were friendly. the area seems safe and it was very quiet at night even thought it is close to the interstate. i would recommend this hotel."
p369
aS"id-1211\tthe doubletree isn't the worst place i've ever stayed (it doesn't, that i've noticed, have bedbugs), but you should be forewarned about a few of its more unusual features. first, the hotel appears to have been constructed bit by bit, and has an unusual hub-and-spoke layout. if you stay in the hub, no problem. but if you stay in the spokes? you not only get a miniscule room, but you have to walk a really long ways to get to the main building, including crossing the parking lot and walking up and down stairs or elevators. it may not actually be a mile from the farthest rooms to the reception desk, but it sure feels like it."
p370
aS'id-0810\tgreat 3 star hotel in the austin area. they are centralized in the city and are greatly assist visitors with anything they need. they got us a taxi cab and the conossiour show us the happening places around town. the pool area was marvelous, thanks to the beautiful austin weather. the rooms were comfy and everyone was nice. onsite parking was a huge plus.'
p371
aS'id-1109\tthe hotel was restricted in various areas. i did go when they were remodeling so there was sections of the hotel that was blocked off. they said it was because they were expanding the hotel. it would have been nice to know that they were remodeling when i made the reservation.  the food selection in the restaurant was on the higher priced side. the room has a bar size fridge and a small microwave. it is important to bring your own food as there is no real reasonable transportation into town.'
p372
aS"id-1153\tstayed at the marriott fairfield inn and suites in downtown louisville, kentucky a few weekends ago. the hotel parking garage was difficult to actually enter because of the one-way streets in the downtown area and parking was extremely tight. the wait time was excessive to check in. we were told there was a youth sports team staying at the hotel and that they were booked solid. room decor was average and i didn't like the wall locker they used for a closet - had to remove the ironing board in order to hang dresses and slacks. complimentary breakfast was offered but not much was available by the time i walked down to eat at 8:30 a.m. for the money, my stay was a little lackluster. i think i'd try a different hotel if i travel again to the louisville area."
p373
aS"id-1271\ti wanted to like this hotel when we walked in. the sitting area was a nice bonus, and it smelled very clean on entry. however, the tv was set up very poorly. it is right in between both rooms, making it awkward to watch from either the sofa or the beds. you also can't have it on when someone is sleeping as it disturbs them. i also didn't enjoy having to pay to park our car in the mostly empty parking garage. it seemed a rather over-the-top expense (and completely unclear on the website so we weren't expecting that)."
p374
aS"id-1091\ti've stayed at the park hotel tokyo and will probably never stay there again. for one, it's too far from everything. it's a ten minute walk to shimbashi station (the nearest jr train station) and i almost got lost trying to find it. and to add to the inconvenience, when i tried to catch the train one morning, i got caught in the morning rush. because it's a business district, i felt like a salmon swimming upstream just trying to get to the station!  also, because it's a business district, there's not a lot to do nearby unless you walk a bit to get to ginza, which is known to be one of the most expensive shopping district in the world. no thank you! there are a lot of restaurants in the area, but no shopping malls or arcades. i had to catch the train or subway to visit those kinds of places.  then, the lobby of the hotel is on the 25th floor and there are almost no signs outside the hotel or near it to tell me where it is, so i had the hardest time finding it when i first arrived. and when i walked into the building, i thought i was in the wrong place because there are offices for the kyodo news agency from the 3rd floor (where i entered). also, because it's on the 25th floor, it feels like i have to wait a lot to catch the elevators in the morning when i leave or the evening when i get back. and heaven forbid there's an emergency and i have to take the stairs down 25 floors!  i don't think i'll stay at the park hotel tokyo again, and i'd recommend other travelers not to either, unless they enjoy getting lost. while it's certainly a nice hotel, it's too inconvenient and there are certainly cheaper places with more to do nearby."
p375
aS'id-1030\twe recently stayed at the country inn and suites in mishawaka, in. the staff was very friendly and the location was convenient to everything in the area. the rooms were very spacious and they have an indoor pool. the price was also excellent for this area! i would highly recommend this hotel if you will be staying in the mishawaka / south bend area!'
p376
aS"id-1075\tthe motel 6 tropicana in las vegas is new remodeled, and the rooms are small! actually, crammed would be a better word! the bathroom is huge, and i'm not sure why. they needed to make the sleeping area more spacious. they can put a twin bed in the bathroom with all the extra space in there. also, the staff are very cheap about towels! i couldn't get one extra towel! if i ever stay there again, i'll be sure to pack my own towels! plan on standing in line at check in. the staff is so pokey! i know i was on vacation, but i didn't plan on spending my whole trip standing in a line at check in."
p377
aS"id-0860\tthis is probably the best hotel to stay at in all savannah. it's right near the harbor on the western corner of the historic district, and within easy walking distance to the famous shops and restaurants right there on the river.   there are always many cultural events going on in that same area, too.  you can stroll st. julian street and see all the historic homes - not to mention the many, many churches that line the avenues in this district. tours are available for many of the sites, too.   when the day comes to an end, you can return to your very large, luxurious room. the most comfortable i've ever found in any location! a scenic view from the windows, too.   and if you can't choose from the very many fine restaurants all about and within walking distance of doubletree, don't worry - they have great food at their restaurants, which you can even have by room service."
p378
aS"id-0924\tit was late at night and i was just exhausted from a nights long drive when i saw a motel 6 on the side of the road. i breathed a sigh of relief and thanked my lucky stars for its convenient location. the staff greeted me with a smile even though it was 4 o'clock in the morning and gave me a room that suited my preferences. when i got into my assigned room the decor was beautiful! the cleaning staff did an impressive job of keeping the room tidy and it was a joy to lay down and get a good night's rest at motel 6. in the morning the muffins and coffee started me off great and it was even free! furthermore there was a lot of great restaurants around the area and finding a good place to eat was no problem. the most convenient thing about motel 6 is their location and they always have friendly staff!"
p379
aS"id-0868\tmy hotel experience was great. the pool was nice and cool, the staff was so friendly and helpful, and the rates are unbeatable! desk clerk assistance was willing to help me get ice at 4 am. so very nice and understanding. i was in town for a wedding, and my brother in-law stayed at a holiday inn down the street; i still hear stories about how he wishes he had stayed at the america's best value inn! would recommend to anyone."
p380
aS"id-1073\ti had a layover on a flight in philadephia, but i missed my connecting fight, so i had to stay in the nearest hotel that had an available room. the rooms were way over priced because there was a game that night...imagine that. i called to make a reservation at the airport, but by the time i got there, the professional customer service staff did not have my information and said all of the rooms had been filled. i asked them to check again and after about 10 minutes of watching them stare at the computer screen, they finally found one. the woman at the counter acted the entire time like i was an inconvinence and had a rude look and tone about her the whole time. i finally got my keys and went to my room, only to find out that the key wouldn't work. so i go back to the counter, and she says, what do you want now? i tell her my keys don't work, so she reprograms them and i eventually get into my room, which just happened to be almost 90 degrees in the middle of summer. needless to say, i will never be staying at this hotel again."
p381
aS'id-0984\tits more than a good nights sleep it is an experience. warm and welcoming staff. exceptionally clean rooms, with top of the line updated furniture and appliances.'
p382
aS"id-1131\tthis resort is terrible. the room service there was horrible and they steal your personal belongings. the room was super dirty and the sheets look like they had not been washed ever. there was nothing to do at the resort and the pools were dirty. i don't recommend this resort to anyone. don't waste your money there."
p383
aS"id-1267\tthe riviera in las vegas is an awful place to stay if you're looking to enjoy yourself in vegas. the staff is slow and seemed uncaring that the lines were nearly out the door. the options for food in the hotel were very limited, unless you like cheap ethnic food. the advertised pin ball hall of fame was actually just a few old machines randomly placed in a hallway. the smoking areas in the casino were not mapped out, and anytime you light a cigarette someone will chase you around asking you to move over, literally a few feet. if you're looking for a cheap, tacky, unfriendly place to go, the riviera is it. i would not go here again."
p384
aS"id-1000\tgreat place for the price. beautiful location on the water, in the heart of st. augustine beach. clean rooms friendly staff. beds were very comfortable. can't wait to come back next summer."
p385
aS'id-1269\tthis hotel is overpriced and the room i got did not have a good view even though i paid extra for a better view. all the shops and activities costs a lot more than others.'
p386
aS'id-1071\ti stayed at the microtel in charlotte, nc 3 weeks ago and i will never make that mistake again. the rooms were small, the staff was disinterested and i swear i saw a bug lurking in the corner behind the toilet. though the microtel is only a short distance from the local airport, i spent most of the night trying to sleep while flights kept going by. never again. 2 stars. bottom line: the rooms may be cheap, but you get what you pay for.'
p387
aS'id-1067\twhen we stayed at the la quinta in brownsville nothing went right. the room seemed to be clean upon first glance but we later noticed a large amount of cut hair left over from the previous occupant in the bathroom trash bin. there was a coffee maker in the bathroom, which i thought was strange, and underneath the coffee bag they provided was a silverfish that i had to get my husband to squish. when we mentioned these things to the desk, they acted nonchalant and didnt offer a new room. the maids cleaned up everyday even when we had the do not disturb sign on the door. i dont mind when they fix the sheets but the maid went through our clothes and touched my things, including the case all my jewelry was in. i wouldnt stay here again.'
p388
aS'id-1041\tupon checking into this hotel and heading to our room, we were inconvenienced right off the bat when the handle of the toilet fell off. this meant a trip back down to the front desk and then having to re-pack and move to a different room.  after finally getting settled in, we went to the pool for a quick swim and to relax in the hot tub. the facilities were small, smelled heavily of chemicals, and had the smallest, itchiest towels. the worst was the main wall was one open window that faced the main hallway---which means that everyone coming and going gawked at us the entire time we were there.  the continental breakfast had your basics (juice, donuts, eggs, cereal), but the space was tiny. we ended up taking our breakfast up to our rooms because the same people were camped out there all morning. the hotel looks nice, but for the price the inconveniences were too much.'
p389
aS'id-0806\tthis hotel is very affordable and any one can come here and enjoy there self'
p390
aS"id-1225\ti will never stay in another la quinta inn again! the pool was outside instead of inside, and the weather was too cool for that. after a long day of travel, we couldn't swim. there were 3 beds, if you include the pull out couch, but it was so cramped we could hardly walk around. there were only 2 towels, we had to go request more. i don't think it would be that hard to put at least 4 towels in the bathroom, it just seemed like no thought was put in to it. there was a coffee pot and coffee in the room, which i was looking forward to, but then i realized, there were only 2 packs of sugar and 2 packs of creamer. all of these may sound like little things, but to me they add up to a lack of care for the customer. la quinta is all about the bottom line, not the customer."
p391
aS"id-0946\tthis hotel is awesome, it doesn't have bugs, shitty walls, bad floors, and weak balconies. it doesnt have sex offenders living in the whole back building and it is very secure."
p392
aS'id-1121\thorrible hotel! i would not stay again. the bedding smelled weird. the marble floors were really slippery when it rained. we had to go outside, into a second building to get to our room. the computer room was tiny and cramped and hot! staying here ruined our vacation, i would not stay again!'
p393
aS'id-0884\tthe jameson inn is fantastic! the staff was extremely friendly. the hotel looked as though it had just been renovated and was extraordinarily clean. the value was incredible. the free continental breakfast was the best i have ever had in a hotel. from now on whenever i visit lafayette i will definitely stay at the jameson inn.'
p394
aS'id-1265\tthe beachcomber resort & villas leaves a lot to be desired! i had to wait 10 minutes for the valet to take my car, and another 15 min for them to find my name is the system. i had booked this room 3 weeks ago, mind you. after all that, the room must have had a quick turnover, because there were no towels, and a pillow was missing. at this point, i figured i would at least go to the beach, but it was packed to the brim. no problem i thought, i will use the hotels amenities. nope! one pool was closed, and the other was a mess. beachcomber is not worth the money; understaffed, and subpar amenities. this place did not meet my expectations.'
p395
aS'id-1167\thotel penn is a cheap hotel, and for good reason. our bedsheets were stained, the paint is pealing, and the bathroom was disgusting. the bed was also very uncomfortable, and the tv was incredibly old-fashioned. the place smelled, and the cleaning staff was unhelpful. we had to wait in an incredibly long line to check in, and there was no free wifi.'
p396
aS"id-0866\tthis day's inn is very near the airport, which is the main reason we chose it. the street it is on has a lot of shops and places to eat, which made it convenient when we needed to go out. it isn't a fancy place, but it was comfortable and decent for what we paid. i appreciated that it was quiet, and the pool was empty every time we wanted to swim, which my kids loved."
p397
aS'id-1081\ti did not like this hotel. i could not see the ocean from my room, just a bunch of buildings. it was too expensive to eat in the hotel restaurant, and the room did not have wi-fi. i had to pay daily to connect to the internet with a cable. this is a huge hotel. there were many people coming and going all the time.'
p398
aS"id-0914\tour room was amazing! the views of the bay were so romantic off of our balcony, and the jacuzzi really set the mood for our honeymoon. the king size bed was super comfortable and it was so nice to stretch out in a huge bed for once. the complimentary breakfast in the morning was delicious, it was hard to believe it was really free. we've paid for breakfasts at other hotels and this was better! we'd definitely stay here again. the rooms are great and the price is right."
p399
aS"id-1055\ti had very high expectations for the sorrento; sadly, this was quite a disappointment. the fireside room is nice, but service was spotty, and the novelty wore off after a few minutes. unfortunately, the hotel itself can't match the elegance of the building's exterior. the rooms are very small. i felt i could barely walk to the front door without running into the furniture. the sofa and coffee table looked pretty run down. there was no view whatsoever, except for the alleyway behind the building. i didn't really get the book shelf with obscure novels: is this some kind of clever joke? at best, my experience at the sorrento could be described as mediocre."
p400
aS'id-0826\twe stayed at the sandcastle resort/hotel in virginia beach for 3 days. when we arrived we were greeted by the front desk clerk and promptly checked in. when we got to our room we found that we were upgraded to an ocean view room and were also comped a continental breakfast in the morning. the room was clean and had a beautiful view. the staff was very nice and took care of our every need. when we checked out we were also given a coupon for a future stay for a free upgrade as well as 20 percent off on a weekend stay. overall this hotel is very nice and has recently been updated. i would recommend this hotel to my friends and hope to return here again soon.'
p401
aS'id-1173\tmy husband and i spent a night at a super 8 motel in n. attleboro, ma, recently. all i could think of was the bette davis line: "what a dump!" it was run down and dirty, with cramped rooms and an unfriendly staff. two of the lightbulbs in our room were burned out (although that was probably for the best, since we couldn\'t see our threadbare bedspread and carpet as well as we would have otherwise!). paper-thin walls meant little sleep, and the so-called "free breakfast" meant cold coffee and hard bagels. never again!!!'
p402
aS'id-1101\tthis hotel was ridiculous priced and terrible. the whole place smelled like smoke and was just a place that people went to get off.'
p403
aS"id-0992\tthe ste marie marie antoinette hotel, now renamed the hotel le marais, is located in the heart of new orleans, the famous french quarter. just steps away from all the sights and sounds of the quarter, its location couldn't be more convenient. its charming decor recalls earlier days of the quarter, rich with history and atmosphere. the property houses a pool and restaurant/bar. the ste marie marie antoinette's rates are very competitive with other hotels in the area. take a look at the hotel's brochure; see the value for yourself!"
p404
aS'id-0802\tthis hotel was great! the room was so big and spacious and we were very well taken care of. great continental breakfast too! there was lots of variety to choose from. the staff was so friendly and accommodating and the price was right too! check in and out were so quick and easy, we had no problems at all. we will definitely be coming back here again.'
p405
aS'id-0812\tthe rio hotel where everyroom is a suite is not just an ad! the rooms were huge! the best room for the price we ever had. the decor was classic. the only hotel we stayed in vegas that actually used a water saving shower... a big plus. in terms of food the rio had everything. starbuck, a snack shop. the buffet had the best seafood with live pound and half and more lobster. the room service was very very reasonable.  the location is just off the strip but there is a shuttle that leaves every thirty minutes that we used to go to the center of the strip.  the service at the rio, shuttles included, really gave us a welcome to vegas feeling. a great stay!'
p406
aS"id-1235\ti absolutely hated my stay at the hilton garden inn located at 1755 s waterman ave, san bernardino, california. the staff was horribly rude and not helpful. they lost my luggage and then charged me a fee for having them find it despite it wasn't my fault for them losing it. the housekeeping failed to close my door so my laptop was stolen. the feather pillows were cheap and rancid, the feathers poked me all night long. the so called light and noise blocking curtains were anything but. i heard people in the pool all night and morning and the sunlight still came in through the curtains and made the area warm and uncomfortable. the room service was lousy, they couldn't scramble eggs if all of humanity depended on it. wifi barely worked in the room and their coin laundry took all of my tokens so i couldn't wash. their pavillon market was way too expensive, i've never paid $7.00 for one hungry man dinner ever. their fitness room consisted of one punching bag and two treadmills with three weights 5, 10 and 20 lbs."
p407
aS'id-0928\toverall, this hotel was lovely. the room was of great quality, and was cleaned and well kept. the room service was also desirable in that they were prompt and kept the bathroom well stocked with fresh towels and toiletries. the complementary breakfast was delicious, and offered a wide variety of options. furthermore, the wifi was a great addition to the overall package. the casino shuttle service was also a nice touch and very convenient for guests. finally, the gym was packed full of equipment and convenient to use. the jacuzzi suites were truly spacious and comfortable as well.'
p408
aS'id-0818\tthis hotel is very clean, and has a respectful and pleasant staff. great continental breakfast. when we called for extra towels we had them within two minutes. great overall experience.'
p409
aS'id-0926\tmy last stay in santa barbara was my best mini vacation in recent memory primarily because my fiance and i stayed at the oceana. the hotel boasted a beautiful view of the pacific ocean, mere steps from our front door. the furnishings were quaint and cozy and imparted a serene sense of comfort to the love nest. the hustle of this ocean town was perfectly offset by the beauty and peace of our room at oceana.'
p410
aS'id-1117\tif you want to visit the place straight out of the "twilight zone, by all means visit the hotel galvez. this place looks like something from a bad fifties horror movie. although they claim it has, i don\'t think the decor has been redone since then and the smell, oh my god, like a dead grandma. my entire room and sheets were all infused with this musty smell. this hotel needs major air duct work or to find where norman bates is keeping his dead mom and get rid of her. air the place out for god sakes, you charge $350.00 for a room! the galvez is rumored to be haunted, but i think they need new plumbing, because the sound of the toilet in the room above me, flushing all night, kept me awake, and i would have welcomed the company of a ghost. we could have played cards or done something to keep me entertained, because this hotel rates one big snore for entertainment. unless your sixty and packing a walker or in preschool and still taking naps, stay away from this place unless you want to be rendered semi-comatose by boredom. finally, there are the cockroaches. everyone in the south has a few of them, but the ones at the galvez look like they\'ve been taking steroids on the sly. i hit one with a shoe, and i swear he got up, shook himself and then came after me, with murder in his beady little eyes. in summation, stay away from the hotel galvez, unless you want to star as the victim in a bad horror movie, asphyxiated by mold, bored to tears and/or get eaten by killer cockroaches.'
p411
aS"id-1057\tthis hotel was... i stayed there about a month back, and boy, did i have problems with it. oh, the rooms were okay, but my big problem was the staff.  more to the point: the staff are really inarticulate. i had to bring family, so i asked them how much it was for two rooms next to each other; they said the cost for both. i learned when i went to check out that what they meant was the cost for each and i was paying double my expectation because someone at the desk was an inarticulate, uneducated boob.  what was otherwise an okay experience was just ruined by this one moment, and when you're paying twice as much for a multiple day stay, that's a pretty big moment. don't go; there's a super 8 across the street, and even though you get what you pay for, at least you'll actually know how much you're paying."
p412
aS"id-1263\ti recently stayed at the aulani resort and spa and i must say that if you want a relaxing vacation away from yelling kids and screaming babies don't come to aulani. the 6 in our party were between the ages of 25 and 30 and 95% of the time we had to deal with screaming children running around our legs while tired parents tried to corral them. the food here is beyond expensive where the character breakfast was ~$20 per person and dinners at the ama'ama restaurant averaged between $30-$50! the layout of the resort was nice but if you don't enjoy kids don't come here. in the pool there are always kids splashing around and causing a ruckus! the rooms are nice but you don't go to a disney resort to stay in the rooms!"
p413
aS'id-1149\tthe website is deceiving. they show a nice view of atlanta from an fancy terrace that does not exist in actual fact. the room they stuck me in was small and way back in the corner of the fifth floor. it had a bed that was nice, but no room to really move around. i felt like a sardine in there. the biggest heart-break was that i was expecting an extra special hotel based in the pictures on the website. the neighborhood is not safe, especially at night with vagrants and bums running rampant. i was very disappointed.'
p414
aS'id-0872\twhat a beautiful and wonderful place to spend our honeymoon! the staff went beyond our wildest dreams to make sure the room was nice. the room was very clean, comfortable and nicely decorated with perfect new orleans charm. the hotel is a few blocks from the french quarter so perfect walking distance for a night out, yet not having to pay the high taxi fees to try to make it safely back to the hotel. there just isnt enough words to say how much we loved this hotel!'
p415
aS"id-1245\tfirst let me start off by saying that i absolutely hated the marriot at union square. upon walking in the receptionist was rude and wouldn't get off the phone while i stood there waiting for my room key. they said they couldn't find my reservation and i had to wait in the lobby for about twenty minutes until finally the manager came and apologized saying there had been a mistake and had found my reservation and could go up to my room. after getting no help in carrying my luggage up to my room, i walked in and a faint smell of chemicals hit me. i'm not sure from what but maybe it was to mask some awful odor from a previous guest. either way i opened the window to let the smell out and was hit by the obnoxious noises from the street below. so many cars and people made it impossible for there to be one second of peace and quiet. i was told that the location was wonderful but nobody ever told me that while trying to sleep i would be bombarded by all the honks and noise from the street below and that all the lights would seep through my window curtain... at 3 am!! it was like trying to sleep in the middle of a rave. there were so many things wrong with the hotel but i can't list them all because i hate reliving my experience. i do not recommend this place."
p416
aS'id-0832\tthe trump plaza is the trashiest hotel i have ever had the displeasure of staying in. we walked in to our room and there was glass on the floor. the floor. we got zero compensation for the fact that our room was clearly uncleaned, they almost made it seem like maybe we planted it there. the experience dampened the whole casino trip. luckily we won some money or it would have been a ruinous weekend.'
p417
aS'id-0936\tramada had the best customer service i have ever come in contact with involving a hotel! we were only going to stay for three nights while visiting relatives on a recent trip to cordele, ga. after 3 days, we wanted another night just because we felt so pampered and taken care of in the room. this was an awesome place to stay at! i would recommend this place to anyone needing a room in the south.'
p418
aS'id-1047\tthe hotel was not what expected the people where very rude and the room cost,to much just to stay one night was too much money'
p419
aS"id-1099\ti hated my stay at desert inn with a fiery passion. it was dirty. trash bins weren't taken out, new bathroom essentials (shampoo, soap, etc) weren't supplied, the cleaning lady refused to give me clean towels! the other guests were louddd and obnoxious. i will never. ever. visit this hotel again."
p420
aS"id-0894\tif you need an inexpensive, convenient place to stay in the charleston, south carolina area, the red roof inn in north charleston is a great choice. first of all, it's very convenient to many shopping centers, retail establishments, restaurant and the highway, so you can get almost anywhere you need to go in a short period of time. it's also just a quick trip down the expressway from the beach and historic downtown charleston, but you don't have to pay the ridiculous fees some of the other hotels in the area charge. the staff is friendly and our room was always very clean, and the wi-fi connection was excellent. everyone we met who worked there or stayed there was really friendly. overall, it was a great hotel in a great location at a great price. what more could you want? we will definitely be staying there again in the future."
p421
aS'id-1197\tbooked this hotel because it was close to family that we were visiting in the eugene/springfield it was located off i-5 at a very busy intersection. it was difficult to get in and out of the driveway becsuse of the traffic. it was noisy at night due to the traffic. breakfast consist of powder eggs, pancakes, precooked sausage and box store pastries. as my mother would say you get what you pay for. i did not pay alot!!!'
p422
aS"id-0970\tour stay at the arizona grand was awesome! our room was spacious, the bed was comfy, and we even got a balcony to enjoy (great for drying the kids' swimsuits after a day at the included waterpark). it was nice to have a separate bedroom and living room, and the summer time events were great (movie at the water park, which was also on tv if you wanted to stay in). we even used the hotel pool a few times when we were just worn out from the park activities and wanted some quiet. and speaking of quiet, for as busy as the resort was on a holiday weekend, you would never know from how quiet it was in our rooms! the hotel is wonderfully clean and well-kept, and i felt very safe staying here with my children. i would definitely stay here again!"
p423
aS'id-1065\tthis hotel was run down and smelly. the no-smoking room was thick with cigarette smoke and strong chemical cleaning smells. the carpet had dark stains. the bedding was very uncomfortable. the entire bathroom was yellowed with age. i felt very uncomfortable sleeping there. i will never return.'
p424
aS'id-0906\tcentrally located, this facility has everything and is nearby to everything. excellent food in the sumptuous restaurant. excellent communication with the outside world. a stay to remember. thanks, blf.'
p425
aS"id-0830\ti stayed at this days inn over the weekend for a friend's wedding. this is a great hotel. they had fresh continental breakfast in the morning. the room was neat, clean and had no residual smell. the bed was comfortable and i rested quite well. i needed a map of the city and directions to the hall where the wedding was held, the front desk clerk was more than helpful. he researched the internet for directions on map quest and printed them out for me. he provided this service with a smile."
p426
aS'id-1115\twhile i was staying in the hotel there were few prank calls that was really scary. the carpets were not that clean and not so good laundry facility. cramped elevators and not so good breakfast. hotel rooms are expensive for the service that they offer.'
p427
aS"id-1193\tour stay at this hotel was not very pleasant. while the room was spacious it didn't appear to be very clean. also, it was a bit pricey for the location and accomodations. while the stay came with a free breakfast, it was not very good. the food was bland. they also offered a business station with a computer and internet access. unfortunately the computer was outdated and the business room smelled bad."
p428
aS'id-1097\tthe westin in virginia beach is a rip-off. for upwards of $120/night you can have an amazing view of a parking lot. your only option is to valet your car, at $20-$25 per night, plus tips, and the rooms will make you claustrophobic. the rooms are sparse with not even a minifridge and the ac rattled all night. to save the environment, or better yet, their pockets, they turn the water pressure to the lowest possible setting in the shower. you have to specially request that they change your sheets, and i had to call several times to get the proper amount of towels in the bathroom. on top of that, there was hair all over the shower wall. paper thin walls mean you will hear your neighbors go to the bathroom, watch tv, or talk. i will never be going back again.'
p429
aS'id-1087\tif you wnat to stay some palce where it is sucha snobby place then this is the hotel for you. very upscale and you feel like you cant rtelax while you are on vacation. they make you dress up collared shirt just to have dinner at a resort that is over by the beach!!!!'
p430
aS'id-1004\tcome spend the night at this amazing property. fresh smelling rooms, clean linen, sparkling pool are just a few to name. our hotel staff is always friendly.'
p431
aS"id-0938\twe were going from miami to key west and were too tired to drive all the way, so we decided to spend the night at florida city. as it was a saturday night, we were not sure about availability of rooms. but then we stopped at a tourist center and there was this hotel just behind it. it had 4 different wings so we were sure that we would get a room. we enquired the rates, which were pretty reasonable for that hotel so we checked in.   the hotel was rated as 2 stars. i have stayed at other two star hotels and was delighted to see a much better room this time. the hotel room was spacious, the furniture looked brand new. there was microwave, refrigerator, coffee maker, air conditioner in the room. all the appliances were clean and looked very well maintained. the bed was super nice and we had a good night's sleep. the bathroom had room freshner and was in spotless condition. the soap and shampoo were of good quality. they even served breakfast. we chatted with the receptionist who was very helpful in telling us about local tourist spots. we went to everglades national park on her advice even though it was not on our itinerary. we saw many crocs and the detour was totally worth it. i would highly recommend this hotel to everyone."
p432
as.